"Come, come, line up, report!"

Mo Fan calmed down and concentrated on trying to test 7 stars at the same time!

The first star was the most obedient. After all, it was also caressed every day. Mofan’s activity of stopping this lively star immediately stopped in the most central position of Stardust.

The second star appeared to be a little bit stubborn, and reluctantly followed the past and lined up with the first star.

Followed by the third lesson, the fourth, the fifth...

The sixth one was very obedient, and the fart was on the queue.

Daisy, the last one!

Mo Fan’s thoughts are highly concentrated, and all the spiritual power is concentrated in the seventh star.

The seventh star was flying at high speed in the stardust. After hearing the call of Mofan, he slowly stopped, with a bit of impatience, slowly and slowly into the star track with a bit of unhappiness. in……

GOD-BOY, GOD-BOY! !

Mo Fan saw that the seventh star had a tendency to conquer, and suddenly excited.

If the first six stars are Wang Xingren, if they call them and they sit there and do not move, then the seventh star is the comet, and Nyima’s body is full of the cold and impatience of the cat... ...

Since you want me to be still, I will make it difficult for me to cooperate.

Slow, slow...

The seventh star finally settled and lined up with the other six stars.

In an instant, there is a stunning and fascinating star trail inside the beautiful and beautiful stardust. This star trail shows the thundering purple star energy. With the first star as the medium, the meteor drags out the long purple magnificence. The tail flies along with the other six stars! !

Star track into!

Magic is now!

Sitting at the end of the bus, Mofan's body wearing a black shirt suddenly circumvented a curve of trajectory, and the purple stardust trail flashed past, bringing Mofan into an indescribable force.

"Ray printing!!!"

"It's a thunder!"

Mo Fan was ecstatic in his heart and couldn't help but laugh at the sky!

“滋滋滋~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”

On the right hand, like a python wrapped around the arm, the purple lightning force is stored in Mo Fan's hand. As long as Mo Fan's hand is swung out, it must be turned into a lightning flash to fly to the center of the bus!

"My goodness!!"

"Magician, is a magician!!" > "Or a Thunder magician... Ah, how do I feel numb?"

There was an exclamation in the bus. The old aunt who had just finished the meal, the old man who had finished the exercise, the girl who was playing with the mobile phone, and the pervert of the girl who was using a handkerchief, all looked at the final. Mo Fan.

"Big...Master, I... I won’t dare next time. I won’t dare next time. Please let me go. I don’t know Taishan...” Suddenly, the middle-aged thin man who is a girl I fell to the ground, and I asked Mofan for a tear in my nose.

The middle-aged wolf thought that the young wizard had seen his own wretched behavior and started to anger to open the power of the Thunder.

The power of this thunder is quite terrible. The body of the entire carriage is numb by the power of the thunder, especially the perverted girl, and his hands are paralyzed and unconscious!

"Right you a dog's life, let me see you next time, directly ruin your hand!" Mo Fan suddenly stood up, looking down at the satyr road.

"Yes, yes, I will never dare next time. I will never dare next time." After that, the satyr had already taken the car and drove out of the car.

The surrounding aunts and grandfathers immediately applauded, and a few teenagers who were obviously only junior high school students cast their adoration on Mo Fan.

"Mom, my brother is so powerful, can I be as powerful as he is in the future?" A seven- or eight-year-old child nursed his mother's skirt and asked weakly.

"The magician is not something that anyone can do, especially the wizard of the Thunder."

Mo Fan found that his magic had caused the commotion of the whole car. In order to avoid being troubled, Mo Fan hurriedly got off.

On the side of the road, Mo Fan’s mood still did not calm down.

I have a grass, too Nyima handsome! ! !

Recalling the mark of the arm wrapped around the thunder, you can kill a person's horror feeling with a single wave, like never before, like a dream! ! !

Is this magic? ?

This is magic! ! ! !

Mo Fan’s heart beats, even if the thunder has not been released, but Mo Fan has already felt the power of the Thunder’s power. They are pouring out of their bodies, they can control themselves at random. You can bring yourself the power you never thought of.

The respect that the whole car people voted for, the satyr who screamed on the ground and scared the urine, and the magic of the thunder on his arm...

This is really unprecedented and incredible! !

"Ha ha ha ha, Lei Yin I have learned, only spent a semester of time, now see who can block me?? What admiration, what to court, have to give Laozi!"

In just one semester, Mo Fan took control of Lei Yin. In fact, the school gave students a year.

From the beginning of the school to the end of the semester, Mo Fan only spent a total of five months. This speed should be open, and the whole class and teachers, as well as the whole school classmates and teachers, must be dumbfounded! !

It seems that the demon teacher Zhang Jianguo was still bragging about his favorite students. Huang Mingkai can control 4 stars... Mu Bai is also 4 stars.

Hahaha, Laozi has already released the seal, and you can fight with your grandfather! !

This thunderprint is still only on the arm, you can feel the thunder's power to fly out. I really don't know what the complete release will be. I think that Nima is a little excited.

Take a deep breath, take a deep breath, can't laugh on the road like a 2B, you have to calm down, now you are already a great mage!

Mo Fan actually wants to use it again, but after finishing the print, he feels that the body has a very empty feeling of dizziness.

"This should be what the teacher said about mental energy consumption??" Mo Fan said to himself.

In general, when practicing control, Mo Fan can maintain two hours, and the spirit of fatigue is more than two hours.

I just practiced the most control on the bus for 20 minutes, but because of the completion of the lightning, I felt that I was pumped out...

This point can still be straightened out. When practicing control, as long as the complete star track is not formed, it will not consume too much blue. If it is connected to the star track, the power of the star will be transmitted to your body. And if you achieve the magical effect, basically half of the tube will go!

I have never been a magician before, legend, ah, the League of Legends has always played, a truth, a reason!