"Ok."

"Where is he now?"

"I don't know, I let him flee to the security enchantment." Lin Yuxin said.

When I heard that Lin Yuxin said that the holy spring did not fall into the hands of the Black Holy See, Yang Zuohe was a relieved look. But when he knew that the Holy Spring was in the hands of a fiercely unknown student, the whole person could not get better.

"Mr. Yang, why did the Black Holy See want to take the holy spring, what is the purpose of their attack on Bocheng this time?" Lin Yuxin asked.

"They didn't know the purpose of destroying Bocheng, but they wanted the holy spring to thoroughly wash the city." Yang Zuohe voice with a bit of anger.

"why?"

"Di Shengquan is a treasure of heaven and earth for thousands of years. It also has a huge temptation for the commanding monsters. They have already caused this disaster by killing the winged wolf cubs and the violent rain. Not enough to destroy Bocheng, they intend to release the huge Wenze of the Holy Spring to induce other demons to attack Bo City together. The demon is born with an instinctive desire for this treasure that can make them stronger. The warmth of the holy spring is released, and the 100-kilometer master-level demon will smell it. The Bocheng defense line is already in jeopardy. Those commanding-level demons who already have certain wisdom will surely be robbed. At that time, Bocheng will become a **** on earth." Yang Zuohe Said.

Lin Yuxin heard a shudder.

The Black Holy See was so overwhelmed that it led to a winged wolf and its population, even if it led to more demon leaders, this is to make Bocheng a corpse!

"We have to find the student named Mo Fan before the Black Holy See." Yang Zuohe said with great seriousness.

"Sorry, I don't know that the Holy Springs will have such a huge impact..."

"What you are doing is a wise choice. In the hands of that student, at least the holy spring has not fallen into the hands of the Black Holy See." Yang Zuohe can only pray in his heart at this time, don't let them find Mo Fan.

"For the time being, I am not optimistic. The people of the Black Holy See may have guessed that I have handed over the Holy Spring to Mo Fan. I should have sent people to search for his traces." Lin Yuxin said with a calm voice.

"If it is not too late, let's find Mo Fan.

"If he was eaten by the demon, the place where the holy spring was obtained by the demon should be much better than the black Holy See?" Lin Yuxin suddenly asked such a sentence.

Yang Zuohe smashed.

"This is what it says..."

......

......

"Hakiu!!"

In Mingyuan District, Mo Fan, who was just walking, hit a sneeze.

When he licked his nose, Mo Fan didn't know why he was like this. Maybe someone is thinking about himself.

The appearance of the war-level spurs and wolves seriously hindered the pace of their progress. Everyone waited until the terrible creatures went far away and finally dared to take the courage to move on.

Along the way, I met a one-eyed demon wolf, but I was shot by the nine-man Thunder. I solved this one-eyed demon wolf before it caused too much movement.

Xu Zhaozhen is a thunder, his thunderprint? The madness is the first to control the one-eyed demon wolf, others are followed by magic bombing, and Mo Fan takes a one-eyed demon wolf to restore a new power when he comes to a thunder, anger, The one-eyed demon wolf had no chance to deal with them and turned them into a car that was out of focus.

The fact that there are two Lei Fa divisions in a team is quite powerful. As long as it is not unprepared, it can basically minimize the danger.

"It's coming, it's coming, it's great. Have you seen the enchanted light curtain that is as tall as the city wall, and it is there!" Zhang Xiaohou stood on the pole and said very excitedly to everyone.

This three-kilometer death route is really not easy for them, but for those magic students who have not graduated yet, they are now in a safe area and naturally ecstatic.

"Don't take it lightly, there are more than 600 meters." Mo Fan said.

Nine people continued to move forward, in front of a stinking city.

The river is not very wide, and there are willow trees planted on both sides. The sunshade coffee houses that were originally lined up in rows are no longer so petty and small but are a mess.

There are one or two giant-eyed gorillas in the stinky river. Fortunately, they did not stop and went to the distance.

Nine people carefully crossed the bridge, the bridge has obvious damage, it should be a certain magician here to fight the demon, there are some waste fires burning at the bottom of the bridge.

"Demon... Demon!" Just walked to the center of the bridge, and a dark blue wolf-shaped creature appeared on the opposite side.

Unlike the one-eyed demon wolf, the blue creature is on the ground, and the hair behind the back of the head extends to the neck and shoulders. It is obviously different from the fierce one-eyed wolf that everyone sees.

The people were shocked first, but after a closer look, they found that the wolf had a man sitting on his back and immediately showed a happy smile, especially the students.

"White instructor, isn't that a white instructor!!"

"Great, I have met the people of the military here." Xue Musheng said with relief.

Mo Fan looked at it and found that the person sitting on the wolf beast was one of the instructors Bai Yang.

It is also the special summoning mage who has been killed by Mo Fan as a sorcerer who has been experienced for everyone.

Bai Yang looks like more than a sly wolf beast... but unfortunately this is only slightly inferior to the one that was previously slaughtered by Mofan from the size and momentum.

"How come you are here, didn't you evacuate in the first place?" Bai Yang rode his stunned beast to walk toward everyone.

Wang Sanfa, Xu Zhaozhen, He Yu and others looked at the Baiyang instructors to control the heroic posture of the wolf beast. The face also showed the color of worship.

The summoning wizard is cool, even the demon can ride. In this completely traffic-stricken city, a secluded wolf beast is more important than anything else.

"The Scorpio Magic High School did not evacuate for the first time. The number of personnel was too large. The large units were about one kilometer behind us. They were following our pioneer team to evacuate to the security enchantment." Xue Musheng said.

"Oh, I will inform the military commander to send people to protect them. You and I are here to wait first. There are a few demons in front of them." Bai Yang took off his military cap and revealed a gentle smile. Road.

"White instructor, you don't know how many dangers we have encountered on this road. Unfortunately, Zhang Yingxi was killed. Fortunately, Mo Fan has a lot of experience in dealing with demons, otherwise we may not be able to come here." He said to Bai Yang without a word.

Seeing the instructor here, everyone can naturally breathe a sigh of relief. After all, the instructor of the summoning department can surpass a demon. If he has more summoning beasts, even dealing with a few demons is not a problem.

"Oh? Mo Fan!" Bai Yang had a clear movement on his face, and his eyes fell on Mo Fan.

Mo Fan wondered for a while, this Bai Yang stared at himself like this.

Bai Yang jumped from the stunned beast and walked quickly to Mofan. The eyes stared at Mofan: "We are all looking for you."