......

With a happy mood, carrying a small apple, Mo Fan walked toward the inscription high school.

Inscription Middle School is a girls' middle school. It is a private middle school. It contains the most tender and fashionable girls in the whole summer city.

Different from other middle schools, there is no dead magical theory education, and there is no group of magic nerds who only know the exam. They have some family magic backgrounds. The girls know things far more than the nine-year obligation magic. There are more magical students coming out of education. For example, some magical accessories with magical power are often hung on their chests.

And this group of people who are born with a magical device that can maintain the spirit of the spirit of the second generation, the second generation of law, Mo Fan this kind of silk naturally has to climb step by step.

The limousines around the campus are crowded with limousines, which is at the peak of school. Mo Fan is very clear about the temper of the summer, she will circumvent these girls in the car class, take the own alley trail, smell The fragrance of the small green bamboo planted by the households on the window sill...

Mo Fan circumvented the main entrance and planned to go to the Hutong Trail to intercept it... Hey, wait for the next sister, Ye Xinxia.

There are not many people walking in the hutong trail. Mo Fan crossed the courtyard of someone else's house and stepped into the familiar alley.

The world has changed, but this familiar city has not changed at all. The small green bamboo that has survived the winter is also placed along the window of the residents.

I want to come, Ye Xinxia should have not changed.

......

Mo Fan stood in the middle of the alley and leaned against the wall. It was like a hooligan of a pupil's game currency waiting for an opportunity to blackmail. The eyes looked at the alley from time to time, thinking about giving a surprise to the girl who is going to go here. Who knows for a long time? The figure of Qian Li did not appear.

Why are you still not coming?

Mofan this POSE is a bit sour.

Close your eyes a little, Mo Fan almost enters a meditation almost like a habit...

Suddenly, Mo Fan felt that the hutong mouth had turned into some noisy sounds in the direction of the hill. These sounds would normally be isolated by the high wall of the hutong, but I don’t know why it was introduced into my own ears...

Is the incidental effect of meditation that the perception is also stronger? ?

With this curiosity, Mo Fan walked in the direction leading to the hills.

As soon as I walked out of the small alley, the position facing the hill suddenly became more and more cheerful. In fact, the opposite side of the mountain is about one kilometer away. At the foot of the mountain is the old house that I just sold.

There is a small grass under the hill, the lawn is arranged like a small park, and there is a wooden swing wrapped around some winter vines near the tuyere.

The swing was hanging straight, without a trace of shaking.

Sitting on a still swing, a girl with long black hair, the wind in the winter is swaying her hair, revealing a beautiful white face, long eyelashes, delicate nose, Yurun The lips of pink honey...

She stared at the front, quiet like a petal lotus blended into this winter swing scroll, but she was alone in her own unique temperament and fragrance.

Mo Fan’s pace suddenly stopped, and I didn’t know when I liked to look at her so quietly. Watching her sit quietly in a certain place, my heart would inexplicably rush a warm stream and flow to my heart. Then involuntarily float the corners of the mouth.

However, for a moment, Mo Fan felt that something was wrong.

His brows suddenly locked up and hurried to the elegant girl sitting on the swing.

The girl also felt that someone came over. When she saw Mo Fan’s face, there was no surprise on her face. She just smiled very gently, as if she knew that this person would come, and she was just here. he.

"Morfan brother." The girl screamed sweetly.

"It’s such a dog thing, right?" Mo Fan walked up, and there was a faint anger on his face.

Heart did not speak in summer.

"Today I must pack them up, a group of scums!!" Mofan angered and looked at the stairs on the hill.

"They have a lot of people, forget it." Xin Xia shook his head and tried to persuade Mo Fan to suppress his emotions.

"It is impossible to count, I am not finished with this group of people." Mo Fan no longer said, go up the ladder!

Sitting in the heart of the summer, I want to hold Mo Fan, but Mo Fan has already gone to the mountains with anger and rushing to the crown.

Xin Xia knows Mo Fan’s temper. When she was very early, she kept on fighting because of her own affairs and the small hooligans nearby. Every time she was beaten by herself, she was injured in one...

This is the last thing she wants to see. > The people who are looking for trouble this time are not some hooligans. They obviously have been dropping out of school for a long time. In this mixed youth, they are known as the Qingxiong Gang, who specializes in helping the wealthy rich girls in the vicinity. See who is not pleasing to the eye.

There will be at least five people on their side, two of them are physically strong, and the head is much bigger than Mo Fan. Mo Fan is going to look for them, and he will definitely be beaten and bruised.

......

Hill kiosk

"I said Xu Bing, will we be very unpretentious in doing this..." said a young man with a cigarette in his mouth and a poker card in his hand.

"How can I be unpretentious? I confessed to her for the 16th time sincerely, let her be my girlfriend... I am playing cards in this pavilion now, what time is it for her to consider?" That is called Xu Bing. The young man said.

Xu Bing has a very obvious blue tattoo on his neck. In the case of a short jacket, the tattoo wrapped around half a neck is very conspicuous. At first glance, it is a role that is not easy to provoke.

"Yes, if she refuses, just go straight... Wang Bian, hahaha, give money, give money, double the bomb!" Sitting on the other side, a young man with a cowboy hole in the hole said.

"I am grass, you are here."

"Play a few more rounds, play a few more rounds, hit the dark and don't believe that the chick is not panic." Xu Bing blinked, a pair of people who enjoyed this overbearing president.

To deal with women, it is to be so tough, women are born to be awkward, not tough things can not do anything, the heart of the summer girl is really bigger and more beautiful, seeing people drooling, someone actually said that he is imagining Swan meat, take this girl down today to see who is still talking.

"Right, I remember that the chick has a brother, very annoying." The denim youth said.

"The **** with less than five combat strengths is a human sandbag in addition to a bit of suffocation. Just squat, just hit it." Xu Bing said without hesitation.

"Yeah, I used to be able to deal with him alone. Now I have a muscle, and I will blow it out in minutes!"