"In other words, Xu Bing, do you have a little taste? This chick looks good, but... can you say it inside?" said the young man with a cigarette.

"I feel so too."

"There are many beautiful girls in this girl's middle school. There are so many people who are stupid, and it is not a matter of intimidation. Why bother with such a..."

"You know a fart, this is called a taste." Xu Bing? He stunned the group of people.

When the group was in a low grade, Xu Bing looked up and saw a young boy in a black shirt walking toward the pavilion.

Hey, this product is a bit familiar?

I am grass, saying that Cao Cao Cao Cao is here, this kid is not the brother next door to the chick!

Good guy, I’ve long wanted to pack up your things that have blocked me from picking up girls. I didn’t expect you to send them to your door. Just a few brothers are here today, I will give you a taste of being encircled and let you I dare not make a head bird!

"Brothers, copy the guy!" Xu Bing suddenly stood up, his eyes and Mo Fan's cold eyes docked.

The denim man, the young man, the man wearing the man, the down jacket man stood up and looked around...

"Brother, we didn't bring the guy." The youth of the smoke rushed to Xu Bing's ear and said weakly.

"Your mother, do you need to use this guy to deal with this little thing, give me a fight in the dead, Zhao Kun three brothers have commanded, and beat him to count him!" Xu Bingyi slaps on the mouth of the younger brother, angry Said.

The younger brother of the smoker is aggrieved, obviously it is you who said that you copied the guy... It turned out to be a scene.

"Since it was the three brothers Zhao Kun commanded... Hehehe!" The down jacket man immediately took off the down jacket, revealing a white vest, an exaggerated muscle burst!

Mo Fan looked at the chop of the five so-called green bear gangs with the same look at the beast.

......

"Hey, kid, I will tell you this, like a woman like your sister, I can see that she is the blessing of her life for a few years. You think everyone like me, I don’t mind if she is One...one...disabled people? Like this kind of disabled person, there is nothing to pretend to be a saint. If someone wants it, then they will burn money and worship Buddha!!” Xu Bing pointed to Mo Fan, and suddenly he was exposed!

In these years, Xu Bing’s patience has also been used up.

Do not look at him Xu Bing, to look and have a look, there are forces and forces, in this piece of Guangchi District is also a personal thing, Ye Xinxia with his own good afterwards can also eat spicy and spicy, younger brothers to follow!

"That's it, don't be so ignorant!"

"Now I am screaming at my brother-in-law. We will look at you in the family's share, and give Zhao Kunsan and Mu Bai an account. If you squat again, then interrupt your leg and let you accompany her in a wheelchair. Go!" said the fitness man in a white vest.

After listening to these words, Mo Fan’s chest was violently undulating.

He glanced at the pavilion.

There is a solitary wheelchair in the center of the pavilion, and the wheelchair is a scattered playing card.

Originally, when he saw these scums use Ye Xin’s wheelchair as a table for playing cards, he was already extremely angry. At this moment, he heard the words of Xu Bing’s great insult, Mo Fan felt that his chest was going to explode! !

Disabled? ?

Disabled? ? ? ?

I Mofan has made a swearing oath, who dares to say Ye Xinxia again, will definitely let him regret that he has reborn in this life!

"Don't talk nonsense with this kid, yell at him!"

"I am enough for one person, and the brothers are watching." The fitness man in the white vest began to hold the fist and made a creaking sound.

Mo Fan looked at them like that, and his eyes were cold to the extreme.

What these towns and towns do not notice is that in his pupils, a purple wrath is being mapped, and the starry track with the power of huge thunder is being turned into an impending eruption. volcanic! !

"Do you really think that I am the one who will let you kill?"

A swaying force leaps in the air around Mofan, they are like soldiers who are fully armed but waiting for the command of the general!

"Exactly, let you taste the thunder of something like this!"

The anger came out of the throat. At this moment, the seven stars were connected into a line, which turned into a trajectory of the stars, and all the power in the entire lightning system was infused into the right arm of Mofan!

"滋滋~~~~~~~~~~~~~~"

A shocking thunder arc flashed away like a python in Mofan's body. The next second, the thundering elements of the air madly gathered on Mofan's right arm and made a harsh tweet!

"what is this???"

"Why is his body squeaking like an electric shock!"

"This kid... God, he is a magician!!" Xu Bing is the most seen of the class in this class. The word "Mage" is even more exciting!

They are indeed a group of very famous gangsters in the Guangchi District, but the mix is ​​still punched and kicked. In front of a real mage, they don't even count the slag! !

"How could he be a magician!!"

A group of five people in Xu Bing was scared by this shocking picture.

In their case, a punch made the tree out of a seal, that is, the existence of a special cow B in the mix, why have you seen a big living person wrapped in a sizzling arc, a few meters is like a broken The high-voltage electric area, the invisible force that made them all numb!

"Ray Power, Ray Printing!!"

All the rituals are completed, this time Mo Fan is really completing the initial skills - Lei Yin!

The arm suddenly lifted up and the palms went up.

All the arcs of lightning that pulsate in the surrounding air make a sharp sound, just like a group of elements in purple armor are getting a military order to pull out the weapon!

"Give me out of them!" Angry, Mo Fan relies entirely on an instinctive feeling to dominate the power of these obedience commands.

The palm of your hand is gripping!

The lightning elements of the road are completely released, and they are crazy toward the front of the Xu Bing, fitness men's area!

The thunder arcs are all falling from the heights. Each drop not only slams Xu Bing and muscle fitness men on the ground like the whip of giant power, but also prints a snake-like imprint on the ground! ! !

“滋滋滋~~~~~~~~~~~~”

Xu Bing and the muscular fitness man were all shot on the ground. Just now they were still modeled like dogs, but after the thunder and the whip fell, the back skin was open and the outside was tender.

They want to scream, but even the sound of screams can't be made. The power of Ray's madness is like a small python swaying on them. Every time you shake it, you can see Xu Bing and muscles. Fitness man violently twitches once!

"Hey!!" Feel the horrible power of the devil, the youth of the smoke slammed on the ground, and trembling unconsciously!

The gangster who wore the cowboy was a cockroach and became a statue.

The man wearing the head, although standing there, was not hit by the thunder, but his jeans tube was all wet, and all dripped into his shoes!

——————————————————————

(I went out to wear a computer today, I just remembered, Mom, the manuscript is not in the notebook, it is more painful than no network, so I know that I will update everyone at night... Well, I don’t think I should install it at the beginning. I will become a punctual update in the new book. In short, there will be a chapter.)