......

The hilly pavilion, the purple incredible energy quickly disappeared after a flash of dazzling and beautiful.

In the air, there is a smell of coke.

The surrounding plants appeared black.

On the floor, there are two people lying down, still violently twitching, and it looks like a horrible gamble. Where is the appearance of Guangchi Yiba, which was just a lifetime.

The other three people have already been scared.

"Big... Mo... Mofan Big Brother... Look at it, see that we are also a part of the district to grow up... On the part of growing up, just... just spare... just spare us a life, we... ...we don't dare anymore!!" The smoker has already scared the soul, and in his eyes the sixteen-year-old boy is even more terrible than the devil in the nightmare!

"You...you are a distinguished mage...just, don't be acquainted with our scum, please, don't, don't shoot us." The jeans man shivered.

Look at Xu Bing and the muscle man like that, it’s horrible!

Cowboy men don't want to be like that!

That anger, accompanied by the complete release of this lithography, also slowly subsided in the heart of Mo Fan.

I looked at Xu Bing and Muscle Man who couldn’t be miserable again, and then looked at the other three who were scared.

"Send them to the hospital." Mo Fan calmed down.

In fact, even Mo Fan did not think of the first-class skills of the thunder system - the power of Leiyin turned out to be so big!

This should be the first complete release of your own. If you master it a little more proficient, the prospective position is better controlled, and when you release it, there is not a slight hesitation. I am afraid this palm print will be printed. Directly smash all five people standing together!

Also okay, no life.

Otherwise things are really big!

"Yes, yes, yes, we are rolling, we are rolling!!" The cowboy man saw the young mage anger, and it was almost like getting a new life.

The other two people did not dare to think too much, and hurriedly supported two people who had been jealous on the ground...

As a result, just touching, the residual arc broke into their arms, scaring them for a while.

"Call the ambulance. You can solve the medical expenses yourself." Mo Fan said coldly.

"This is called, this is called."

Mo Fan has already disappeared. In fact, there is still a frenzied enthusiasm in his heart.

But now that I am a god-killing sect, how can I show my ecstatic look before these silly sly.

When they reached the pavilion, Mo Fan swept those cards off the wheelchair cushion and picked up the wheelchair and walked down the stairs.

The three men still looked at Mo Fan with a lingering fear.

Suddenly, Mo Fan turned around.

The three men were scared and hurried back.

"Right, when someone asks, they say that they are stealing electricity. I am a mage. If you dare to spread it, I will tell you to shut up forever in this life. Anyway, I heard that the police are not doing anything. It’s rare to miss the murderer, especially the social scum of the sorcerer who is looking for death.” Mo Fan thinks of something and looks back at these few people.

The three men nodded like garlic, and they couldn’t listen any more.

"Zhao Kunsan and Mu Bai, I think you will not know how to speak with your IQ?" Mo Fan sneaked away.

"We...we didn't see you."

"Well, if you are smart, this time, forget it. If there is anything in the future, you can come to me, my ability, you have seen it."

"Yes, yes, yes, Mofan big brother, go slowly, you go slowly." The three men nodded, and respected and feared.

Mo Fan nodded and walked away in a wheelchair.

The first to give such a grandson a great, and then give them a little sweetness, Mo Fan believes that these guys have not dared to make a second, and even dare not disclose this matter a little bit.

Here, his magic is a Thunder Master who can release his skills. There is an ice level that is still at the apprentice level. I believe these guys have a little brain to understand how to stand up!

However, Mo Fan also knows that these five people are just the pawns of Mu Bai and Zhao Kunsan.

At that time, I still want these two eggs to look good!

......

Going down the stone steps, Mo Fan finally couldn't help but laughed up! !

A few months ago, I was just an ordinary student in the classroom who would look out the window because of the boring and boring history class. Occasionally, I would have imagined that I suddenly greeted a gust of wind and my feet were lightly on the flagpole. Gently stepping on, and soaring to the distance between the mountains and the blue sky behind the school; I also imagined that I encountered a lot of anger that angered me. When they relied on fierce wickedness and bullying, the palms could gather a special power. Kill them directly.

Who can think of it, I personally tasted this taste today!

With the power of thunder and lightning, the five cellars that they couldn’t provoke at all were in front of themselves with five funeral dogs. This is really a wonderful feeling like never before, just like dreaming!

"The thunder of the thunder is so bullish, I don't know the power of the fire system's 'initial skills - fire nourishment', and there are still half a year from the annual magical assessment. I should have time to put the first-level skills of the fire system - fire nourishment Learn to come..." Mo Fan was excited.

The first-level skills of the Thunder system are so fierce, and they don’t know the skills of other departments.

Moreover, Mo Fan knows that the first-order skills are the lowest of all the magic, and there are intermediate and high-order after the initial stage!

"Right, yes, the wind teacher seems to have said in the first class, the wind system high-level skills - the wing of the wind, is the skill that can make people fly ... I grass, if you can learn the wing of the wind , what kind of hang it!!"

After a long time, Mo Fan still can hardly suppress his inner excitement, and his brain keeps searching for his own knowledge of magic. He wants to know that in addition to Leiyin, the magician can also have more arrogant and cool skills. !

......

On the still swing, the girl with long hair straight down still looked up slightly at the small pavilion that was blocked by the trees.

"The purple light just now..." Ye Xinxia muttered to himself.

She just saw it, the beautiful purple as the tail of a meteor shines beside the pavilion, although it quickly disappears, but the mind is always impressed with the amazing picture.

"Is it a magician?" Ye Xinxia said to himself.

It is hard for her to imagine a magician in such a small city!

However, why do magicians appear in the place where Mo Fan and the group of gangsters are located, and use real magic!

Mofan brother, is he okay? ?

Ye Xinxia was very embarrassed at this time, and unconsciously clenched his lips.

Finally, on the stone steps, the familiar figure appeared. He held his wheelchair in his hands, his face with... with a bit of a silly smile.