Nothing is fine!

Ye Xin Xia Xin finally calmed down.

"In the summer, those guys have been picked up by me, and they won't come to you again later." Mo Fan put the wheelchair in front of Ye Xinxia.

"I just saw it... I saw the thunder, it seems to be the first-level thunder of the thunder system." Ye Xinxia said.

When Mo Fan heard it, the whole person was smug, but he was laughing and not talking, just staring at Ye Xinxia with those bad eyes.

Ye Xinxia didn't feel quite right, thinking about it carefully, the beautiful scorpion flashed a little weird.

"The person who released the seal is Mofan brother??"

Mo Fan did not admit it, just smile like that.

"Really you, Mo Fan brother is a magician??" Ye Xinxia some can not believe the way.

"Haha, you are the first person to see my true strength!" Mo Fan was a wayward, very sudden on the heart of Xia Xinxia's white and tender cheeks.

Ye Xinxia was expected to be attacked like this, his cheeks pink and pink, and even powdered into the neck.

Mo Fan realized that he was too smug, and explained quickly: "I'm sorry, sorry, I am so excited."

Ye Xinxia’s voice is like a mosquito: “That... are you really a magician?”

Mo Fan nodded.

"Our teacher said that there is only one person in the Thunder Awakening. In the first stage, the advantage of the Thunder system is very large, which is the first element of the elementary element system." Ye Xinxia was also happy for Mo Fan at this time.

The situation at home is also known to Ye Xinxia, ​​not to mention the fact that he has become a family member and added a lot of burden to Uncle Mo Jiaxing for no reason. Listening to his aunt, Uncle Mo Jiaxing has sold the house and wants to come. It is true that family embarrassment has reached a certain level.

She and Mo Fan are still small, and it is difficult to worry about Uncle Mo Jiaxing. What can be done is to study hard and become a real magician to alleviate the crisis of the family.

It seems that Mofan’s brother is so powerful that he learned magic in such a short time...

Oh, no!

Suddenly, Ye Xinxia realized what it was, and the beautiful, talking eyes looked at Mo Fan.

Mo Fan is a serious saying: "What is it?"

"You are less than half a year old. As far as I know, there are talented people. They also need nearly a year to complete the release of the initial skills." Ye Xinxia said.

Mo Fan bowed.

No, it takes a year for a person with high talent to wake up to release. ?

Then... I have completed the first-stage application in less than half a year, and the speed seems to be too fast!

The problem is that this thing doesn't matter.

In his opinion, Mu Bai’s idiots can already master 4 and 5 stars. Is it not normal to release the magic?

But why does Ye Xin Xia look very unbelievable, and there is a taste of monsters?

Is it not half a year to learn the initial skills in this world is really gray and abnormal? ?

"What level of ‘re-genius’ did you mean by ‘there is another talent for another year’?” Mofan asked cautiously.

Mo Fan does not want to reveal that he still has a lot of ignorance about the world.

"Mu Ningxue is the most talented of our city, and it is more talented than the emperor, but she has spent eight months from awakening to learning the initial skills of the ice system." Ye Xinxia said.

"8...8 months?" Mo Fan was a little dumbfounded.

What are Muning Snow?

The only one in Bocheng was directly admitted to the imperial university, and it was the jewel of the Mu Shi family. It was influenced by the whole Mu's rich magical knowledge from childhood, and possessed the cultivation resources that the civilian magician could not obtain in his life.

And the reason why she will be the stars of the stars, and her amazing magic talent is also closely related!

Even the arrogant woman like her took eight months to wake up to the release of the first-level magic. How long did it take for me to use it for five months? ? ?

I have a grass! !

I have a grass! !

Mo Fan feels the heart is tumbling!

If Muning Snow has been shocked for 8 months and is called a talented person, then it’s not a bad day for yourself for five months! !

"Mr. Mofan, you... Did you learn something bad... I heard from an old scholar that people who have this speed of practice can only be the Black Holy See." Ye Xinxia is very small and very quiet. Said.

Some of the magical sorcerers of the Black Holy See can make the magician's cultivation speed greatly improved. Can Ye Xinxia really think about it? It can prompt a person to complete the first-order magic in just 5 months, even though Ye Xinxia knows his own Mofan brother. Always smart!

"Black Holy See? How could it be... Yes, it is like this... Oh, yes, I didn't wake up on the opening ceremony. I met an old man earlier. He told me, young man, I see. If you have a wonderful bone and a talented person, it is better to learn magic with me. I asked at the time, who your uncle, he told me that he is a member of the Magic Magic Association, you can help me awaken first... In short, I actually I didn’t learn it in 5 months.” Mo Fan responded quickly.

Ye Xinxia heard a ignorant look.

However, she still smiled and said: "It turned out to be awakening first. Although it is too early to wake up, there will be side effects of cultivation, but since it is a person of the Magic Association, it should not matter much."

Mo Fan saw Ye Xinxia finally did not ask again, and he breathed a sigh of relief.

Damn, I am really a monster. It seems that I don’t want to show too much before I fully understand the world.

"After 5 months of cultivation, can it really only be the Black Holy See?" Mo Fan asked weakly.

"Yeah." Ye Xinxia nodded seriously.

Mo Fan that sweat!

It’s not a good thing to be too bullish. I originally wanted to give Ye Xinxia a surprise in the fire department. Now it seems that I don’t want to wave before I fully understand the situation.

Go back and check out the books first, and figure out the status insurance. If you are not careful, you will be treated as a black church!

(Monday, comrades!! What is going to work, dissatisfied with school, even though I took the recommended ticket to kill me, I have a bad breath, anyway, I don’t have to go to work, the week doesn’t matter~~)