......

After sending Ye Xinxia back to her aunt's house and accompanying them for a dinner, Mo Fan just planned to continue practicing the magic of the mine. However, when he practiced the control in the usual way, he immediately felt the headache cracked. It feels like you have played three all-night hero leagues in the Internet cafes, and the whole person has to hang up!

What is Nima? ? ?

Fine? Weak feet.

Is it because I used two prints today, and the excessive consumption of the lightning system caused my spirit to be extremely tired?

If there is nothing wrong with it, if the bus is not completely released, I am only using the two prints today. Is the BlueTM empty?

I thought that I spent five months of meditation, so that the magic energy in my stardust is already large enough. Who knows that only the two seals are released, the whole lightning system is faint.

The thunderstorm stardust is often more colorful in the spiritual world. The purple radiance is like a beautiful starry sky under the echo of the seven stars, but this will cause the whole stardust to lose its luster and fall into it. A darkness.

At first, Mo Fan was shocked. Fortunately, as he relaxed and rested, the Thunder Stardust showed signs of slowly recovering, albeit very slowly!

"It seems that the stardust is not enough. Every time a magic is applied, the brilliance of the stardust will be dim. When it is completely dimmed, it means that the energy in the stardust is consumed."

Stardust stocks the power of magic.

It is no wonder that Xue Musheng, the class teacher, stressed all day and night: Even if it is boring, it must be kept in meditation. If a magician with a high talent is not diligently meditated, it will become extremely mediocre.

This sentence can basically be understood as: How do you know what your skills are, no blue or a residue!

Forget it, don't want these things, hurry to sleep, or you really want to hang!

......

Nested in the room, I felt sleepy until dawn.

Ye Xinxia, ​​this girl is also a good-natured, almost noon and she is not willing to wake up.

Mo Fan climbed up from the bed and the whole person was shaking.

I entered the state of meditation skillfully, checked my own stardust, and found that the stardust has been brighter, and I will soon be able to fully recover the usual glory.

"Right, my mine system may not be exposed to outsiders very well. Although this is a 'law' rule society, it will be ruined by the people, for example, the Muss family who can only cover the sky in Bocheng. It seems that I Still have to give the fire system to practice, it is easier to hide people's eyes and ears." Mo Fan brushed his teeth while thinking about this problem.

However, there are so many energies in one day, how can we make the thunder room full, and make the fire scorpion obedient?

Mo Fan was able to repair the Lei Cong skills in five months, precisely because he put all the cultivation time on the thunder, how charming and charming the fire demon is, Mofan It is a special one.

There is still half a year of magical assessment every year. If you don't want to expose the power of the Thunder so early, you have to concentrate on all the fire repair systems in the next semester, and cultivate the first-level skills of the fire system skills.

If you can do this, it means that the growth of your own lightning stardust will stop for half a year.

Without meditation, the stardust will not grow stronger without any reason!

......

Mo Fan made some small plans for his subsequent meditation time.

There is still more than six months between the annual assessments. Mo Fan plans to allocate 10 hours of meditation every day, 8 hours to repair the fire, 2 hours to warm up. Thunder.

In this way, the Thunder system may grow very slowly, but it can also maintain the proficiency of control.

Eight hours a day is used to learn the fire system, which is unique for other students who can only spend five hours in meditation.

......

At lunch, Xiaogu Mo Qing came back from work.

Xiaogu Mo Qing is a woman who can't be ordinary again. She is very thin, her face is very yellow, and she is very good.

"Mofan came over, I heard your dad say that you are practicing in the Scorpio Magic High School. This time you have to work hard. If you can become a first-class magician, it is Guangzong Yaozu for us!" Mo Qing said.

Did the first-level magician glory glory? ?

How many generations have you been dying for generations?

Oh, I don't know if I am right now!

"Auntie, why didn't you see others?" Mo Fan asked.

"He sent supplies to the mountains to the hunters. I really don't understand. He is an ordinary person. The courage to come to the mountains, to meet a demon, it is not allowed to swallow him!" Mo Qing complained.

“Is the demon not in the original mountain forest far from our city?” Mo Fan said.

Unlike the world that you know well, there are many demons with human life threats outside the city of the magical world. Not to mention that ordinary people dare not get involved in those places, even the magicians often die there.

"Where, you didn't look at the warnings issued by the Hunter League. Recently, the demon is very comfortable. We often show signs of demons outside Bocheng. We especially warn us that ordinary people should not go outside Anzhen." Mo Qing said. .

"Not so exaggerated?" Mo Fan smiled.

Although Mo Fan came to the beginning, but he did not read too few books, those demons are basically far from the city where humans live, and the famous organizations such as the Magic Association, the Hunter League and the Great Magic Family regularly patrol and clean up to ensure The safety of people in the city.

"You, it's reading and reading silly. You think, which mayor doesn't want his city's national peace and security, a peaceful, even if the demon is invaded, in order to avoid panic, they have to say that everything is under their control... In fact Ah, there are always demons in the vicinity of our city, even inside the city, but we can't see the ordinary people." Mo Qing said, lowering his voice.

Mo Fan listened at a glance, but still barely smiled: "Small aunt, you are too alarmist."

"Yes, your kid still doesn't believe it. Then I will tell you a real thing, it is a real thing, don't say my aunt, I love to listen to the gossip of this gossip... You should know, I work in the hospital logistics department."

"Well." Mofan nodded.

Fortunately, Mo Qing did not say that he was working in the temple, but Mo Fan had another egg pain.

"One night, I went to give some traumatic medicine to the attending doctor. As a result, there was a doctor in the operating room who seemed to be a therapist. He sneered at Dr. Wang and said: Even if you are an apprentice, you should not be stupid. It’s unclear whether even the poison and the water poison are indistinguishable. Also, these people are all confused and confused, and they will be dull... Go and go, don’t mess up here, hurry to find the hunter’s alliance, and let the evil The eye marsh is to find out, otherwise there are more people in this area!" Mo Qing came over and said to Mofan in a very cautious tone.

Mo Fan saw Mo Qing as a look, and it didn't feel like he was editing.

Doesn't the demon really lurk in the vicinity of the city, even within the city?

This is too horrible. The demon thing is simply a horrible thing. If you encounter one, you will die!