"He won't have anything to do with him, go to the mountains?" Mofan said.

"Who knows that there are already light-colored warnings outside the city, indicating that the public should not go out to the mountains and forests at random. He does not say that there is a team of hunters who have lost some supplies when tracking a one-eyed demon wolf. They have to send them in person. He is doing logistical work, and this kind of life is dare to pick up. And your father is also, how to persuade him, he does not listen." Mo Qing said.

"My dad also went?" Mofan changed his face.

"Yeah, it is said that the price given by the other party is very high. These two people, other magician apprentices are not willing to pick up the work, he is two ordinary people... Nothing is okay, if it is encountered, this can make How do we do this," Mo Qing said.

"Aunt, you don't have to worry about it. They have also measured it. Basically, there will be nothing. They are only sent to the designated station. The road from the city to the outside is a safe area." Ye Xinxia said next to him.

"In short, I still hope that he will honestly make a purchase in the city. I will not be relieved when I leave the city." Mo Qing sighed again.

After listening to Mo Qing’s complaints, Mo Fan’s heart is still not a taste.

In the past six months, my father, Mo Jiaxing, hasn’t come to the school to see himself. It turns out that he has made another way to send materials to the squads who are patrolling and hunting. This is actually a logistics purchase for the rich. There is a certain danger.

......

A winter vacation, Mo Fan was not idle. After living in the aunt's house for a few days, Mo Fan went back to the library of Tianzhu Magic High School.

There is too much knowledge in the library that he needs to supplement, such as the Black Holy See that he missed.

After some understanding, Mo Fan realized what the Black Holy See was.

These guys are a bit like terrorist organizations and big cults. They often do things that endanger people’s safety. In order to achieve their own goals, they even use some living people as training equipment. This kind of madness is certainly not a country. Passionate!

This month, Mo Fan devoted himself to meditation.

After knowing that the Thunder Stardust was exhausted after only releasing two prints, Mo Fan understood the importance of meditation.

Therefore, this whole month, even if the temptation to release the fire system-fire skill is large, Mo Fan does not easily deal with the fire star, you must first base the foundation.

When you concentrate on your meditation and treat it as a daily habit, time will be fast.

It’s the beginning of the school season.

In the library, Mo Fan swept away his covered spider web to prepare for a new magical semester.

The temperament went into the class, and Mofan sat in the last row as usual.

Yep?

It’s a bit wrong today.

Mo Fan glanced at Zhang Xiaohou next to him and found that the look of the goods was not right.

As usual, this guy’s eyes are very slippery with a curious little monkey, and he will definitely talk to himself about these days before class.

But today, his eyes are still, his mouth is slightly open, and his face looks inexplicably intoxicated and looks at the front.

Look around, Xu Qinglin, Lu Xiaobin, these two weak are all a virtue with Zhang Xiaohou, just like the ... evil!

Oh, it’s not as true as Aunt Mo Qing’s aunt, there’s a evil eye, and the demon lurks in the city. !

"Good morning, my magic practice class, even the teacher is sick at home, from now on, I will give you a magic practice class. My name is Tang Yue!" A mature voice with a bright voice passed. come.

I was used to the slow tone of the old man's hoarse voice, and suddenly a mature woman with a spring breeze was full of feminine and **** temperament, so that Mo Fan, who was still a little sleepy, was suddenly awake!

Looking up and looking for the sound, Mo Fan’s eyes are also sluggish, and his expression is intoxicated!

I went, God horse can confuse the evil eye, and the soul of the young men who are full of hormones are all taken away by the new beauty teacher.

This Tang Yue teacher is wearing a black orthodox black professional skirt. The black outer suit and the white chest lining inside bulge a majestic mountain peak, and it is so exciting that Mo Fan suspects the small chest. The button really resisted the rough, the feeling is like a small doorman with a back to the door, but also some of the flooding of the full house spring!

It’s terrible.

The morning was the most ferocious moment for the boys, and it was so irritating that it was estimated that the ugly state was the most embarrassing.

"After everyone is awakened for half a year, no one can cast magic, but I hope that you understand that controlling powerful forces does not mean that you can use them well, not control your own strength, and even bring fire. ****." Teacher Tang Yue quickly entered her lecture state.

Originally, she was so serious and serious that many school tyrants also came back to God. Who knows that when she turned around and wrote several important links on the blackboard, the whole class had a nosebleed splash.

The scourge, this is awkward, this is so round, Mo Fan is sure that it is a normal male classmate.

Keke!

Such a sacred school, how can be cranky, anyway, Mo Fan is bent on studying, and this group is absolutely different from the mortal who is dominated by the lower body. All in all, next time you never wear such tight pants to practice magic, not all creatures can encounter obstacles like the ivy and continue to grow.

One morning is a magic practice class. After the theory is finished, Tang Yue will take everyone to the playground and personally cover up the elements of magic release.

This class is also very serious to listen to, such as Tang Yue teacher said about the magic release link, Mo Fan deep experience, just do not know how Tang Yue teacher's chest button is so resistant, so long did not collapse ?

The school playground is naturally not used for broadcasting gymnastics.

The playground is actually the driving range. They are divided into several independent spaces by a magic cover that Mofan doesn't understand. All the spilled power will be absorbed by these invisible covers to prevent accidental injury. Any defensive ability student.

"I am optimistic, I am demonstrating to you today is the first-class skills of the fire system - fire nourish!" Tang Yue stood in the middle of the class.

All the students are surrounded by a semi-arc and scattered behind the teacher of Tang Yue. As for everyone, it is not easy to say that they are watching the beginning ceremony of Tang Yue’s teacher!

"Fire system, is the skill of the fire system, Mo Fange... You wipe the saliva, it is your elemental skills. I didn't think that Tang Yue, who looks gentle and wise, turned out to be a fire magician!" Zhang Xiaohou pushes Pushed Mofan next to it.

"Oh, oh, I want to learn!" Mo Fan responded.

——————————————————

(Today, I went to Baidu Encyclopedia and searched for myself. I saw a long list of comments to describe my words.

Called "the first person to threaten the reader in the network circle"

I didn’t see it when I saw this word!

Hahahahaha, Encyclopedia Xiaobian, how much true love you have for us, I can feel the grievances from the screen to the end of the battle.

But this encyclopedia Xiaobian is right. I really threaten you. You don't vote, I don't update it; you don't vote, I update late; you don't vote, I don't write the ending; and the most often said That sentence: The ticket is an attitude, so if you don’t vote, kill you!