At this time, Tang Yue still maintains a very straight standing position, and the graceful curve of the body is particularly attractive in the narrow skirt. Maybe he just came to teach, and the choice of clothes is too hasty. Let's make the students feast their eyes.

"To calm down, to be peaceful, to concentrate, even if I am talking to you now, my spirit is completely focused on my fire nebula... Oh, in the stardust." Tang Yue said.

Teacher Tang Yue’s voice was introduced into the ears of every student. When everyone felt that Tang Yue’s teacher stood there like a sculpture, suddenly her pear hair curls showed some fluctuations.

There is no trace of wind in the whole playground, but her hair seems to spread out in a hot air!

"Control, at this moment you are the caller, let your star obey your instructions, open the door of fire magic for you!!" The voice of Tang Yue suddenly changed from the previous softness to awesome, even with a few Everything will be in front of her to pay for the pride of the torch!

At this moment, all the male students with thoughts in their minds were stunned.

They widened their eyes and looked at the beautiful teacher with some horror.

breath! !

Yes, they felt the burning scent from Teacher Tang Yue, and they slammed on everyone's face.

Surprised, awe, and unbearable anger!

Everyone thought that the newly arrived Tang Yue teacher was just a very ordinary teacher. It was just like the old man who was able to give it to everyone. It was a bit of a bad theory. When he himself showed his magic, he might go wrong. The young Tang Yue teacher seems to have been in control of this force for a long time. She can teach and control the stars. When the magic is started, the fire and the old man are not a level at all. It is a flame. Fire pillar!

"Remember, after completing the arrangement of the stars, you must never let go of your spirit, and you must immediately lock in the position you released!!"

The majestic voice came again.

"Fire nourish? Burn!"

The sound is like a magic clock, and the trembling sounds in the minds of everyone.

At the same time, Teacher Tang Yue appeared in a red-red star-shaped trajectory around her body. After a flash around her, she quickly condensed in the right hand of her white jade.

With her palms and half-handed, a hot red energy grows rapidly on her palm, and it is extremely violent!

The arm is violently pulled out!

The flame of the group flew out like a string of arrows, and it burst into a red and beautiful in the air, and then penetrated into the body of the puppet as accurately as a bullet!

"Gone?"

"How did you not move?"

"It’s definitely shot."

The atmosphere was quiet for a second, and the puppets who were hit by the fire did not react, and the momentum released by Tang Yue was inconsistent.

In a questioning voice, Tang Yue slowly turned around, facing the face of the whole class of 48 who still looked a bit tender, but the corner of his mouth evoked a confident flying smile.

"Whirring whirring!!!!!!!!!"

Suddenly, a shocking redness was picked up in the body of the puppet. It was not the kind of slow ignition, but the crazy flying, like burning everything that could be burned!

The humanoid puppet, which was still intact, was swallowed by the red flame in an instant! ! ! !

1 second or 2 seconds? ?

The flames that are usually seen are just flying, but this flame is like a hungry beast that is swallowing up, not for 2 seconds, and the whole humanoid puppet is swallowed up! !

The glaring red light reflected the beautiful pear flower curls of Tang Yue, and the white face was even more blushing at the moment.

The smile that swelled up in the corner of the lips was a burning flame, and the teacher who was originally glamorous could only describe it with one sentence - beautiful!

All 48 students in the class were watching.

Mo Fan doesn't know what other people's mood is, but he can feel his heart beating, not only the teacher is tempting, but also because she is full of self-confidence and noble when she is in charge of the flame power. Let your blood swell, accompanied by worship, obsession, and awe!

If a woman is just beautiful, she will always bring people to imagine, but this woman can control the power and strength that others can't touch. This woman will make men unable to extricate themselves like poison!

God knows this scene, how many boys will recognize this Tang Yue teacher as a goddess of fantasy for a lifetime, at least Mo Fan is conquered by her temperament.

The same teacher of the magic practice class, the magic that even the old man used to display, dead and heavy, looks drowsy.

What Tang Yue’s teacher showed was in the heart, and the heart was shocked for a long time.

Not a level at all! !

"Well, what are the students in our class fire department, let me remember." Teacher Tang Yue seems to regard the eyes of the students as a common thing and continue to teach their own courses.

"I am a fire department." A girl with a bit of anger on her face took the lead and stood out. It was Zhou Min who caused a small disturbance at the opening ceremony.

Zhou Min’s eyes have been staring at the teacher Tang Yue.

In fact, at the beginning, Zhou Min didn't like her very much. How can a teacher wear such a fire? The voice is still so soft!

However, after seeing Tang Yue’s completion of this fire, Zhou Min’s heart changed 180 degrees, and the meaning of worship was born.

Zhou Min's mother is also a teacher, but she can be sure that her mother can't do it like Zhou Min, whether it is a gas field, whether it is skilled, whether it is accuracy or power.

"I am, there is me. Teacher Tang Yue, I am a fire department!! My name is Huang Feifeng." Another boy who awakened the fire department jumped out.

Look at the expression of the excitement on the face of Huang Feifeng?

Who doesn't know, if the magic practice class teacher is the same department as you, basically there is a small stove open, just like a pro-disciple.

Huang Feifeng feels that he is too happy. He suddenly became the pro-disciple of the Tang Yue teacher. Who dares to say that this Tang Yue teacher will not appreciate his talent in the future, she is her little dragon girl!

"Don't stop me, I want to go to the top of the building. Why do I wake up not because of the fire system, why!!" Lu Xiaobin, who awakened the water system, cried there.

"Old...teacher, I am also a fire...Fire system, I, my name is Zhao Daniu." A little boy who spoke some stuttering stood up, and when his eyes touched Tang Yue, the whole face was red.

Hey, at first glance, I know that it is a small hanging wire that is not very noticeable.

Teacher Tang Yue looked at the little boy, but he smiled and said: "You are obviously very thin, why the family gave you a name called Daniel."

"I... I am weak, my parents... my parents... I hope I am as strong as a big cow."

"Then you should call Zhao fast mouth." Zhao Kunsan's mouth-stricken guy immediately ridiculed.

Zhao Kunsan's ridiculous nature is the stuttering of Zhao Daniu.

"Well, is there still?" Tang Yue’s eyes swept over.

Is a class only 3 fire systems?

A little less.

From the breath, it seems that only the girl named Zhou Min will be better, and the progress of cultivation is not bad.

"And me, my name is Mo Fan." Mo Fan came back and walked out of the crowd.

————————————

(Come on, sing with me: I voted for one word, I only said it once, you know that I will only use threats, dragging is more arrogant, night is more common, how can you take me?)

(Ha ha ha ha, I feel not so exaggerated, in addition to being often late, I still have a lot of love for everyone. In short, remember to vote!)