Tang Yue’s smart eyes fell on Mo Fan’s body. When she explored Mo Fan’s breath, her lips could not help but open her lips.

"Mo Fan, you are so excited to stand up, one semester has passed, you can not control one of the fire stars, stardust is too dark to see, don't tease!" Zhao Kunsan said immediately.

At the end of the last semester, there was a test. The progress of the students’ training was very good. Besides, Mo Fan’s fire stardust was not much different from when he was awakened. This class knows that Zhao Kunsan and Mu Baixiao did not Lost your teeth!

The idiot is a fool, and the awakening of the fire is also useless. It is impossible to be a mage in this life.

"Your fire talent is very good, why is it so weak, Mo Fan, many people are eager to become a fire magician, you already have many advantages that people do not have, no need to do it." Tang Yue teacher Looking at Mo Fan, a little pity.

"I know, Teacher Tang Yue." Mo Fan nodded.

After meditation, the magician's mental power will become powerful enough to capture details that ordinary people cannot perceive, including the perception of other magicians.

Through the strength of the breath, you can roughly judge the level of a magician's cultivation.

It’s unreasonable to cultivate, and Mofan knew it very early.

But one thing is that if Mo Fan hides the power of the thunder, it only shows the breath of the fire system, others can only feel the fire system, and can only judge the height of the fire system and can not detect the other one. system.

Therefore, Mo Fanping can often use the fire system to hide people's eyes and ears!

"I just wanted to learn the fire system. I immediately came to a teacher with such a powerful fire system. It seems that I hope to complete the release of the initial skills before the big assessment." Mo Fan suddenly increased his confidence.

Yep?

Why is this girl staring at herself with such strange eyes?

It seems to be called Zhou Min, the top student in the class, or the fire system.

Mo Fan wondered that he did not seem to offend this girl named Zhou Min, why is she not so friendly when she looks at her own eyes?

On the other side, Zhou Min frowned, and saw that the school scum called Mo Fan also looked at himself, and immediately glanced at him.

Zhou Min is not happy, very unhappy.

Why is this Mofan's fire talent better than himself?

Xue Musheng, the class teacher, said that this Mofan is the best talent in the class. When he wakes up, there is a clear flame. Now even this very powerful teacher Tang Yue also said that he is talented.

Forget it, you don't need to be angry with this kind of scum that doesn't go up. Anyway, if you fail to pass the annual assessment, you will be asked to leave the school directly. This guy will finally be away for half a year.

I really don't understand, obviously a family is very poor, who bought the iron in the Scorpio Magic High School after shaving the iron. After awakening the fire system, it is not so decadent, lazy, worthy of the family, is the conscience eaten by the dog?

With the help of Zhao Kunsan and Mu Bai, the people in the class basically knew that Mo Fan was being stuffed.

"I have already listened to the importance of the annual assessment. I have already heard from your class teacher, Xue. The first unqualified students will be asked to leave the school. Secondly, students who have excellent grades and average grades will be re-scheduled and assigned to the top class. There will be a certain amount of love for you to have a greater advantage in the test of Magic University, so this semester, there is no reason not to work hard." Tang Yue said to everyone.

"Mr. Tang Yue, would you give class to everyone in the top class?" asked a male student.

"Well, no accident, I will be the practical teacher of the top class after teaching you." Tang Yue nodded slightly.

"Teacher, I am Yang... Oh, my Huang Feifeng must work harder!"

"Mr. Tang Yue, I will mix with you later."

Tang Yue maintained a gentle smile and could see that his first lesson was quite successful today, and the enthusiasm of the students for learning was raised.

"Right, when you have someone who can fully control the seven stars, you can also find me privately. I will take time out to give you guidance." Tang Yue continued.

“嗷嗷嗷嗷嗷~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”

There was a wolverine in the class!

The seven stars have suddenly become the goal of all people.

"I am not far from the seven stars, Teacher Tang Yue, waiting for me..."

"Really, do you control a few?"

"2."

"roll!"

"I am three, crushing your slag!" Huang Feifeng said with pride.

"3, I also like to play here, I am almost 4, the more difficult it is, the more difficult you do not understand!" Xu Qinglin said disdainfully.

"I am grass, Mu Bai is so hanging??"

"Five ... five, how to cultivate in the end, too cow B!"

"I heard that the school's most powerful seven-class Lei Xue Xue Shen, he also mastered five stars."

Feel the discussion around the classmates, Mu Bai some people floated up.

However, in order to show his maturity and calm temperament, Mu Bai will not show the praised intoxication on his face, it will look very 2B.

Zhao Kunsan, this guy, is stupid, and it is not reliable. But one thing is very expressive. That is, whenever the master can't pull his face but needs to get everyone's attention, Zhao Kun will jump out very well.

I can't always discuss "3" and "2" each time, and when I am surprised at "4", I personally jumped out and said, "I have 5 people." The price is too low, and it is not in line with the temperament of his family. According to Zhao Kunsan, it is a perfect fit!

That is to reflect the cow B, and let yourself not lose!

Life is like playing a League of Legends, not only for yourself, but also for teammates to understand and cooperate!