The hot air turned over the mountains and swept the southern part of the spring, and replaced it with the summer cool clouds.

Followed by it, there was a heavy rain that was without warning, and the leaves and fallen flowers were dying everywhere!

Bocheng is a city that still has a season, but sometimes it is extremely capricious.

In the morning, the sun is shining, the cloud is cloudless, just sleeping for a nap is simply going through the general, the wind is blazing, the clouds are dense. In the evening, the storm will be cold and windy!

"Isn't the typhoon coming, this ghost weather... It's really random all year round, think about the season of the season!" In the dormitory, Zhang Xiaohou complained.

"Zhang Xiaohou, aren't you the wind system? Come and try out the windy places outside to see if you can release the first-level skills of the wind system - the wind track." Lu Xiaobin, who is in the same dormitory, said.

"You are still **** in the water system, how can you not see you go to a water area, the water system magician, go out and you also have an umbrella, saying that you are not afraid of shame?" Mo Fan slammed his face and gave Lu Xiaobin this guy a meal.

Lu Xiaobin’s face was blue and white.

Indeed, the water magician should have a windbreaker on a rainy day, walking alone in the heavens and the earth, and dripping without water.

The problem is that it is almost the annual assessment, and Lu Xiaobin will also control 4 stars, away from the release of water skills - water is still far away!

"Zhang Xiaohou, can you really use the wind track? Show it to the brothers. To tell the truth, apart from seeing Zhou Min’s violent woman, I have never seen anyone who used the magic in the class. "There is a variety of meanings on the mouth of the mouth" said the dormitory director of the sorrowful Tang Yue.

"Not very good, I am not 100% successful." Zhang Xiaohou said slightly.

"Monkey, come on, I want to see how the wind skills are." Mo Fan's eyes lit up and put down the theory book on hand.

"The space is too small."

"The corridor, the corridor is long."

"Good... well, I try, but I am not very skilled." Zhang Xiaohou nodded.

At the end of the semester, Zhang Xiaohou is a very talented kid. He is already a minority in the class who has mastered seven stars.

Everyone is curious about each skill, and naturally wants to see how Zhang Xiaohou is showing.

Zhang Xiaohou closed his eyes and began to enter the release state.

His start is very slow, and obviously the control of Xingzi is not very skilled.

He keeps the breathing rhythm and can hear the breath every time he breathes.

"唿唿唿~~~~~~"

Suddenly, the book on the table flipped.

The old door of the dormitory screamed.

The dust on the ground was raised, and a dirty briefs hidden under the bed were rolled up. The dormitory boss was just about to catch it. The small briefs were escaping from the wind, and they were swaying in the wind!

"The wind track? I am sick!"

Zhang Xiaohou's whole temperament has changed, his eyes are blue, and his clothes are dancing wildly.

As he read it, the toothbrushes, cups, and a jingle in the dormitory were all moving toward a designated trajectory.

Mo Fan hurriedly set his gaze. From these shredded debris and raised dust, he was surprised to find that there was a very special airflow track in the dormitory. This track started from Zhang Xiaohou and extended to the corridor until the end of the corridor. Public toilet!

"Hey!!"

Suddenly, Zhang Xiaohou’s figure was faltering.

Just now, Zhang Xiaohou, who was still in the middle of the dormitory, used to display Lingbo's microsteps. He rushed out of the dormitory and rushed toward the toilet at the end of the corridor along the looming wind in the air!

"Dangling!!" Lu Xiaobin yelled.

A group of people in the dormitory suddenly squeezed out the door and chased Zhang Xiaowaiting.

However, as soon as everyone walked out of the dormitory, Zhang Xiaohou had moved from the far left end of the corridor to the extreme end.

too fast!

What hundred meters sprinting flying people are weak before this moving speed is full!

Mo Fan’s heart is awkward, and the first-level skills of this wind system are also handsome. The feeling of running on the track of the wind must be great.

"Ah, ah, ah... help save lives..."

"boom!!!!!"

The corridor suddenly shook inexplicably, and Mo Fan just felt that Zhang Xiaohou, who was far away, had already hit the public toilet door!

“嗤嗤嗤嗤~~~~~~~~~~~”

The faucet that was smashed was faintly splashed, and the toilet broke the door. A strong smell of odor disappeared without the guardian door and quickly spread to the entire floor.

The trajectory of the wind finally dissipated, and Zhang Xiaohou fell stiffly on the ground, and his nose was still bleeding.

This appearance is already terrible, but the pair of briefs that had just fluttered in the wind finally fell after losing the wind, and it was covered in his face.

Lu Xiaobin and the head of the house hurriedly dragged Zhang Xiaohou back to the dormitory.

The head of the house grabbed his briefs and turned it over but there was a trace of blood.

"Long, you will come to the big aunt?" Lu Xiaobin laughed there.

"Go and go." The long-lost man threw the beloved briefs into the trash.

Mo Fan silently took back his head and returned to his bed after the roaring of the teacher. He did not happen.

The skills of the wind system are also very good. This speed is not slower than that of a car. It is Zhang Xiaohou’s subject that is not qualified. I don’t know how to stop.

"You, this group of rabbit scorpions, are almost going to have an annual assessment. Don't give me honesty and still do things here. Let me bump into your skin next time!" The roar of the house is spread throughout the storm. The entire corridor.

......

The annual assessment is finally here. For many people, today is a nightmare, because they are likely to be cleared out of school. These people are actually the most tragic and most faceless to go back to see their parents.

But magic learning is not a child's play. Any magical high school is this system. Those who are not suitable for learning magic will go out as soon as possible, let them find another way out, and will not let them waste time in the end of the magic sea.

For those students who work hard and make unremitting efforts, today is the day to prove their own, especially those who can already use their skills!

The typhoon days have passed, and the weather is fine in the morning and the summer is high.

Muhammad manor.

Mu Bai deliberately put on a white shirt with a cold plum, a pair of trousers, the whole person shows a good origin and low-key and not ostentatious.

With his handsome shape and such a low-key and elegant dress, he has captured the hearts of many girls.

The orthodox members of the Mu's family can be seen by themselves. How can they look at these women and women, their goal is the arrogant woman of Mu Ningxue... Of course, Tang Yue is willing to submit, and he is very happy.

"Mu Bai, today can be a good performance. You should know that our Mu's family will allocate young people to some cultivation resources every year. These resources are allocated on the one hand to see which family contributes more. On the other hand, they look at the training achievements of the younger generation. You have to fight for the small family that you are forgotten by the Mu's family. In the early morning, Mu He took Mu Bai to the school in person.

Mu He is the manager of Tianzhu High School. Today’s annual assessment is chaired by him personally.

Mu Bai said that he is also his nephew, Mu He hopes Mu Bai can fight for his Muhe when several other school managers are present!

"Uncle, although rest assured!" Mu Bai said with confidence.

After saying this, Mu Bai remembered something, his eyes turned a little, and whispered, "Uncle, I heard that Muning Snow will go to Tianzhu High School today?"

——————————————

(Important information: Tomorrow, No. 8, our "Full-time Master" will hold a re-release conference at the "Shanghai Lanxin Grand Theater"!!!

There are drifting and dancing papers on the scene, and there are also the magical performances of the beautiful, the most important thing is that you will be there to present a beautiful opening like a magical movie, the main characters of the novel, Mo Fan, Ye Xinxia, Mu Ning Snow will show the stage! )

If you want to watch the show, you want to see the uncle, and hurry up. The friends in Shanghai can go directly to the site. I won't tell you that the staff there are wearing the school uniforms of Scorpio Magic High School. of!

Venue: Shanghai Luwan Lanxin Theatre

Address: No. 577, Maoming South Road, near the South Shaanxi Road Station of Metro Line 1!

Shanghai's little friends, I am waiting for you here!