......

This is a residential area built around a half-city hill. Going forward along the road with iron fences, it is Mofan's home at the end of the path.

A short, small building, one and a half high, the exterior paint has been mottled to reveal red bricks, surrounded by a lot of debris.

The neighbor's house basically has three and a half floors. After a renovation and renovation, it looks more like a home, and the most corner and low Mofan's house is particularly shabby.

"Mofan, come back... I brought you a good news." Just arrived at the door, a teenager like a mud monkey jumped out and said with joy.

This mud monkey is called Zhang Hou, and it is also the child of this old block. It is grown up with Mo Fan.

"What good news?" Mo Fan asked.

"The little princess came back. I saw her at the gate of the villa today. Wow, you don't know how beautiful the little princess is now. It is a little angel." Zhang Hou said with some excitement.

Mo Fan glanced at the mountain facing the street. The villa is a kind of greenery that is exquisite to the envy of the whole city. The flowers and trees of every inch of land have been meticulously carved to reach the level of real gardens.

However, this beautiful city garden was surrounded by high-speed rails.

I remember when I was young, there was no iron fence. I often took the children of this street to play in this mountain estate.

At the top of the villa, there are several very beautiful European villas. In the eyes of their bears, they are like the castles in fairy tales. The castle also has a beautiful princess who forgets to breathe. They are about the same age. Mo Fan often took a group of children to bring the princess out and play together...

I don’t know when the mountain has an iron fence. The adults in the street are not allowed to go to the villa again. The princess who originally played with everyone has really become a princess in the castle. The growth has become unreachable and the number of times seen has become less and less.

"Do you know, I heard that the little princess is now the magical top of the emperor's famous school. It is inherently capable of ice magic and can't be compared with others. Only at the age of 15 can the ice magic be released." Zhang Houshen said mysteriously.

Mo Fan stunned, if Zhang Hou told himself that the little princess won the National Olympic Award, he estimated that there is no feeling, but if it is an ice magician, then it is really bad!

Most people are only 16 years old, that is, when they are in high school, they accept awakening and get their first magic.

After getting it, it doesn't mean that you are a magician. You still need to go through a very long practice. You also need to get a magic book and practice hard to release a magic. This little princess can't be really, at the age of 15 It is a real magician!

Is this the so-called child prodigy? The prodigy of the magic world!

"Mofan, I am sorry for you. When you were able to add more strength, you would have taken the innocent little princess. You are both perfect, oh... envy us." Zhang Hou Said the eyebrows.

"When I was a child, I said a wool." Mo Fan ignored him.

Mo Jiaxing listened to the two teenagers saying this, coughing and holding Mo Fan back home.

Just after returning home, my father Mo Jiaxing said: "I will go out for a while, my heart will live in Xia, I should not come back."

"okay, I get it."

......

Mo Jiaxing stepped away in a hurry. Mo Fan walked around at home and found that there was no change in the family. The same family was on the wall.

The world has changed, but the family's poor acid has not changed at all. How can the family not change it with the family on the mountain village? God is really a big expense to make science into magic. Isn't this little thing going to be convenient?

The only thing that is fortunate is that it hasn’t changed, and it’s still awesome!

Sitting at home is also boring, nothing, Mo Fan boring out to go around and want to see if other things have changed.

Followed by the mossy trail where few people walked, just about to turn to the street, Mo Fan just saw his father's old pickup truck.

Dad is a driver. He used to drive to the master above the villa. Later, he didn't know how to transfer it to the logistics. He basically went to help the people on the mountain to purchase things. Since then, the family and the situation have dropped sharply.

"Jiaxing, your request is a bit rude. You should know that I was not thin to you before. Your boy has done such a thing. I have left a purchase for you to do. I just let him roll and leave." A middle-aged man's voice was slow.

"Mu Gege, when I was the last time I asked you for help, I really wanted too much money when I bought it in Tianzhu Magic High School. You know the situation in my home. I can’t afford it." Mo Jiaxing seems to be a little low-pitched. The voice came slowly.

"You, why are you doing this unpromising son? He didn't have the skills to go to the Magic High School. He let him be self-defeating, and he is almost 16 years old. And, even if I help you this time, He got into the magic high school, with his urine, he is definitely not doing business. He can't be a real magician. It is not so easy to be a magician. Not only depends on his talent, he works hard, except those magic books and magic. Can you afford it, without these assistants, he can't even have a first-class magician..." The man named Muhe said in a heavy heart, but Mofan heard it. A child's toe is high.

"He really wants to learn this time. Muhege, you are willing to help me this time. Before Mu, the old man said that let us move out of Mujiazhuang, we will move out immediately, so that Mu also feels relieved, I Also ensure that my stinky boy will definitely not go to Miss Muning Xue again." Mo Jiaxing's voice came out.

"Oh, this is something to consider."

Upon hearing that they were willing to move out of here, the man named Mu He seemed interested in talking down.

......

By the wall, a teenager relied on the wall, and listening to this conversation became very complicated.

I thought that the world has changed, and many terrible relationships will change. It turns out that... nothing has changed.

Like the ruler, the rich man of Mushanzhuang is still on the top. The father who is struggling at the bottom is still struggling. He needs to ask for help everywhere. This Muhe is the chairman behind the Scorpio Magic High School. In fact, he can make it in one sentence. Enter the magical sky high school.

However, after hearing that his father Mo Jiaxing said that he was willing to move out of this Mojiazhuang, this Mu He was relieved and immediately agreed.

In the end, this conversation ended with the help of his father, Mo Jiaxing, who thanked Mu He for stopping. Mu He also drove away in his luxury car, leaving the pickup truck that looked lonely and old in the dust, just like His father, Mo Jiaxing.

Cruelty is exactly the same as reality. Mofan, who relies heavily on the wall to breathe, is clearly aware that his family situation has not changed a little, and his humble status has not changed.

Only the masters and young ladies who are only in the old society call it. In fact, there is no real end in the contemporary era. Some families and families with historical heritage still occupy the identity of the superiors, even though the people who serve them are no longer called. The servant, the worker, although there is no need to swear, but the fate of the people at the bottom of the group is still in the palm of my hands, and I am at random.

He is born at such a low level, and is dominated by a family whose surname is Mu.

At the bottom of my heart, there seems to be something violently surging, and the fist is tightly held, and the heavy head is turned to the wall of the blue.

"You Mujia, don't bully me, I don't deceive me!"

"When I fly to the yellow, I must repay you ten times and a hundred times!"

——————————

Whispering:

Certainly, must, remember to vote for "recommended tickets", must "join the bookshelf", the new book "Full-time Master" opened the curtain!

Let your enthusiasm come even harder. Let me know how much you love to fight, how much you love, and how much you will continue to "Full-time Master"! !

Brothers of the League, I am calling you!

Bomb it! ! !