"Yeah, today is a very important day for Tianzhu High School. It happened that Mu Ningxue came back from the Imperial College in the summer vacation. I discussed it with the patriarch and asked her to use the banner of Bocheng to Scorpio Magic. High school gave you a speech, and took her to see our annual assessment and evaluate the quality of this student.” Mu He said.

Mu He looked at Mu Bai’s look like this kid, naturally knowing that he was playing an idea, laughing and patted Mu Bai’s shoulder: “Do not worry, when you check, I will lead her to see it. She will go to see, the patriarch will also go to see, if the patriarch wants to see you so hard, maybe distribute more resources to your home, you know how many children of our family, more outstanding, you can be optimistic about the patriarch, More points to the Stardust Magic for three or two months, it is even more beneficial to you!"

"Star... Stardust Demon, really?, I also have the opportunity to assign to the Stardust Magic??" Mu Bai is full of eyes.

"Of course, why do you think we are different and civilians magician, superior genes? Family influence? These things better, but Ye Hao Stardust magic, ah! If you can become the core of the family disciple, you get magic stardust The distribution of the device is absolutely a few streets for the whole school!" Mu He said.

"Uncle, I... I must behave!"

Repair thrown all the students a few blocks! !

Mu Bai whole people are boiling up, no wonder those children who are related to the same family crazy practicing, turned out to be in order to compete Stardust is this magic stuff.

Each magician practice time is limited, as they are these apprentices, basically deep repair 5 hours is the limit, the remaining time can only learn theory, knowledge.

The Stardust Magic is the most nourishing vessel that all magicians practice.

Mu Bai does not know what the principle of the Stardust Magic is, but he knows that the Stardust Magic can allow the practitioner to quickly restore energy after training and fatigue, and to reduce the fatigue time.

In general, after five hours of meditation a day, the remaining 19 hours are basically only able to do other things.

These 19 hours belong to the fatigue period and can only be spent by doing other things, or simply sleeping.

For many students who want to go further, the 19-hour fatigue period is really too long, but there is nothing to help. After people are highly concentrated, they must take longer to relax their nerves, otherwise the spirit will collapse.

The Stardust Magic is a cultivation artifact that can shorten the fatigue period.

Shortening the fatigue period of the meditation is equivalent to lengthening the daily meditation time!

Two days a day, there may not be much effect, but one or two months, but it will open a distance with the practitioners who do not have the Stardust. If it is two or three months, or even hold it, then it will be the same age. People are a few blocks away!

The efficiency of meditation varies from person to person, and it is fast and slow, and it will not be considered for the time being. With this stardust, even those who are extremely inefficient can also lead the front. Good talent and hard work, it is more with less!

"Uncle, you told me before, the students in the top class have the opportunity to be assigned to the Stardust, is this true?" Mu Bai said with some excitement.

"Yes, since it is a school, of course, there are some cultivation resources. However, the resources of the school are very limited. There are so many students in the whole school. It takes no more than one day for everyone. Therefore, there must be an annual assessment. There must be a top class and a top class. Students are eligible to be assigned to the Stardust Magic for a certain period of time. With your grades, it is certainly no problem to enter the top class. At that time, I will use a subtotal to let you hold the school’s Stardust Magic device for a little more time. The benefits are not small. The school is a fair place after all. I can't do too much. It's really a leap for you, or the stardust of our Muhammad family. These are the civilian magicians for a lifetime. It is impossible to obtain resources, so you must cherish it." Mu He said to Mu Bai, who is very focused.

"Reassured, uncle, I will never let you down."

"It’s useless to say to me, you have to behave well in Muning Snow and the Patriarch!" Muhe patted Mu Bai’s shoulder.

Mu Bai focused on nodding, and he couldn't help but sneer: Xu Zhaoting, how can you cultivate with me now, how can you have a thunder, and there is a Muh's family behind me, you can't live forever. Compete with me!

"Right, what happened to the boy named Mo Fan?" Mu He inadvertently remembered something, just like thinking of a roadside who was reluctant to give money, that is, no time to ask questions.

"One waste, it must be cleared of school." Mu Bai at this time there is no need to hide his look down on Mo Fan.

Mu Bai is very disgusted with Mo Fan.

When you were very young, you actually grew up in this movie. You can follow Mojifan’s group of people, just like the Monkey King. What makes Mu Bai completely incomprehensible is the incomparable Muning Snow. They even followed them, and the relationship was very close.

What is he, every day, like a wild monkey, running through the hills of the city, with a sigh of relief, but revealing the low-key.

He knows what is real power, what is identity status, and what does it mean that all life is so ridiculous and ridiculous that people look down?

The servant's son is despicable, that is, he has no knowledge. He does not know what is vision, what is ambition, and he is happy in his slums and stinky streets.

"Cheng, I will sign him back. I also have an explanation for Mo Jiaxing. I didn't help it. It was indeed a fool of his son. He gave him the chance to wake up. He couldn't be a mage. Hey, a lot. People are not ignorant, they have to waste money to try. The problem is that you are the unexperienced urine. Do you expect your son to jump into the dragon gate? Poor and incompetent things are passed down from generation to generation." Muhe smoked a cigarette Slowly said.

At this time, Muhe’s half-squinting eyes, like a noble and elegant old fox, reveal the disdain and ridicule of the low-lying creatures of the skunk.