......

student dormitory

"Fan Ge, it's time to go, the annual assessment, it is not good to be late." Zhang Xiaohou said to Mo Fan.

"You go first, I will practice for a while," Mo Fan said.

"Take a hurry."

A few people in the dormitory will not wait for Mo Fan, and they will wear a dog-like model to the examination room.

The examination room from φ will not be in the classroom to take a volume of hard work, although the magic theory of these things are also tested, but the score is not very large, the most important thing is this year's practice assessment.

To put it bluntly, it is to test the cultivation situation of all the students awakened in the past year, and then carry out a big assignment.

Mo Fan is the last one to go to the training playground. Everyday, everyone is practicing classes here, but today the obvious venue is different. In addition to the semi-arc examination table, there is a suspension. Star stone.

Star Stone This thing looks a bit like black pebbles, watermelon is so big, is being dragged by a stone pier at the front of the training ground.

This star stone is the most important instrument for students to assess.

The annual assessment is really simple. Just like the awakening at the ceremony, the students only need to put their palms on this huge star stone. The examiners can immediately judge the students’ year by the brightness of the star stone. The results of cultivation.

Just like the college entrance examination, the fate of the students is likely to be judged by this paper. In this world, there is also the same hard indicator, either to continue learning, to get a better chance, or to take the lead and find another way out.

"Remember that I told you that the brilliance of Stardust represents the level of magic in your stardust. The classmates of the eight classes have proved that the time for your efforts in this year is coming, and your starlight shines! Xue Musheng, the head of the class, said with excitement.

"Mr. Xue, I am sorry, I may have to be asked to leave school." A girl who looked very weak and said that the nervous and uneasy little appearance attracted a lot of distress and pity to the students around her.

"How come, you are working hard, don't be so pessimistic."

"But I am stupid, even if I practice hard every day, Stardust looks so weak." The girl named He Yu said.

"He Yu, don't be afraid, even if you are not qualified, don't you still have it, just one of the family is a mage." Lu Jianhua, the head of the Mofan dormitory, patted his chest and said to He Yu.

"You go on the side, maybe you have been brushed!"

"Just kidding, wait for the old man to put it on, the light will force you to flash your titanium dog eyes!" Lu Jianhua said with pride.

Soon, the three school leaders and examiners finally arrived.

The examiner is basically a political and religious department, disciplined, and ordinary students are most afraid to see them.

"Well, quiet. Today's annual assessment of several school boards will be patrolled, I hope you will show yourself the spirit of the magician!" Xue Musheng reminded the students.

The examiners were in place, 30 freshmen classes, 1,500 people wearing the school uniforms of the Scorpio Magic High School, standing spectacularly on the training playground, arranged into a pile of team blocks.

Before the assessment, it is natural for the principal to speak, every year.

Then, the manager gave a speech.

When Mu He stepped onto the rostrum and impolitely portrayed the students the bright future of the magician, Mo Fan could not help but laugh.

His speech is full of expectations for the younger generation. In fact, the virtue of Mu He is a virtue, and Mo Fan is clearer than anyone else.

"Today, it is still a very special day."

"Because, we invited our most outstanding female magician in Bocheng. When she was 15 years old, she was directly admitted to the Imperial University of Magic. I think many of you have already heard her legend... Yes, she is Mu Ningxue! Let us applaud the magical genius who should have been with you, but has already been promoted to the university!” Mu He said loudly.

As soon as this was said, the playground of more than a thousand people was turbulent.

"Scorpio, it is Muning Snow. I heard that when she wakes up, the ice power directly freezes the ground under the feet into ice."

"That's all a rumor. I'm the most accurate. I heard that she only learned the first step of the ice system - ice vines in just eight months."

"Eight... eight months?? My God, I have been in school for a year, but I have mastered 5 stars! How is the gap between people?"

"These are not the key points? The point is that she is still a big beauty, the real talent and both, the arrogant woman of Bocheng!"

All of the students at the school all talked about it. From the reaction of everyone, they are all familiar with Muning Snow.

They did not think that today their annual assessment can actually see this legendary magical genius!

"Fan Ge, Fan Ge, is a little princess, really she, she actually came to our school." Zhang Xiaohou excitedly pulled the sleeves next to Mo Fan.

Mo Fan looked up at the podium and looked up to see a beautiful figure standing proudly in the snow, like a lotus, and a white high waist dress put her proud figure to the fullest.

The most eye-catching, not exactly her body that exudes the charm of a **** girl, but also her long hair in the stunning snow and silver...

Despite the hot weather, this woman standing proudly on the rostrum is like a fairy who walks from the Tianshan ice and snow to the mortal world. It is so beautiful and unstoppable!

The teachers and students of the school saw that the woman was on the scene, but it was a shock.

I have heard many stories about Mu Ningxue. I have never seen the true face of Lushan. Who can think of her whole person as if she was still a girl goddess of ice, whether it is temperament, wearing, or her innate snow. Silver flowing hair.

This is Muning Snow? ?

Exalted from the bones!

Mo Fan himself can see God, this is probably the first time I saw Muning Snow after that incident, has it been 3 years?

In the past, these children liked to call her little princess, and she was indeed the princess in everyone’s mind. She lived in the castle on the hill, dressed in clothes and accessories that ordinary girls did not know how many times, and that charming Lovely look...

However, in the past three years, Mo Fan felt that she could not recognize her.

Her change is really big.

Originally still cheerful and approachable, she came to this flower season, and it feels even more difficult to get close...

Is it because her temperament has changed, or with the age, the huge gap in status makes this mentally generated?

"Fan Ge, you should have elope with the little princess at the beginning..." Zhang Xiaohou looked at the Mu Ning snow like a chicken, and sighed.

"You hit the toilet door and stupid?"

"Hey, I will just say that."