Muning Snow's words are very short, and Mo Fan doesn't know what the boys are excited about, just as if you can really test God's school.

The Imperial University is naturally the best magic university in the country. It is very remarkable that every city like Bocheng can pass several exams.

The admission rate is so low that it is enough to see how exceptionally popular Muning Snow is to be able to go directly to the Imperial College without going through the Magic High School.

"Fan Ge, you have worked hard in the past two years, and you have also been admitted to the Imperial Capital. When you arrive at the Imperial College, the Mu's family may not be able to manage it anymore. At that time... Hey." Zhang Xiaohou said.

Zhang Xiaohou just spoke, and Zhao Kun, who was not in the dark, jumped out again.

"Don't laugh at the dead, today, your Fan Ge will be directly removed from the school, and the emperor will be the school!" Zhao Kun three sarcastically.

"Zhao Kun three, is this person sick? Is it true that when my brother sinned you, do you want us to say a word, you jump out and scream like a dog?" Zhang Xiaohou also endured Zhao Kun for a long time.

Zhang Xiaohou is now a good student in the class. He is one of the few people who can perform magic. He does not know what kind of capital Zhao Kansan can control in the **** of six stars.

"I didn't offend me, but I just can't get used to this shameless little 瘪3. I really don't understand, where did you come to courage to be close to Miss Muning Snow, you know what you are, Don't do things that are delusional, if you are not, the land of our Zhaojiazhuang will not be taken back!" Zhao Kunsan pointed to Mo Fan's nose and shouted.

Zhao Kunsan is also a city in this area, and is also considered to be the servant of the Mu's family.

The servant, this word seems a bit awkward in modern times, but if your family's livelihood is because the mistress of the Mu's family likes to raise flowers, then Zhao, who has been responsible for the greening and flowers of the manor, is not a gardener. What about servants?

Mu's Manor is too big, as big as the old aristocrats, the entire estate aristocrats may have only a hundred people, but there are thousands of people around them, farmers, recognized, servants.

People who listened to the older generation said that the entire city was originally a Mu's family. The real first giant of Bocheng, there are too many families around them to live like Mo Fan and Zhao Kunsan.

Zhao Kun’s three hate Mo Fan, if it’s not that he is daring and angering the father, they can live very well!

"I said Mo Fan, why don't you have a little brain? I already knew that some people can't touch us in this life. It is good for the family to be respectful and respectful. I have to die, thinking that I can eat. To the swan meat, you TM think that this is a novel TV series, let the cow baby meet the Princess Bridge section, save the province!" Zhao Kun three pointed to Mo Fan is a disdain.

The appearance of Muning Snow has completely aroused the grievances that Zhao Kunsan has been hiding in his heart.

The stupid things that Mo Fan did in the past affected too many people and too many families.

The princess is the princess, and the respect is far away.

This is not a fairy tale. You go over that boundary. If the king adds a little tax under his anger, he can make the whole village and the whole town work hard!

Today, the middle-aged man who stood on the podium and was white and white was the king!

His name is Mu Zhuoyun, and the real lame can make the whole Bocheng shock people.

The one who Mofan is angry with is him.

It can be said that Mu Zhuoyun did not let the Mo Fan family enter the place of dinner this sunset, it is already his kindness!

"Zhao Kun three, can you close your mouth!"

"Why, am I wrong?" said Zhao Kunsan.

Mo Fan glanced at Zhao Kunsan.

To be honest, his remarks made Mo Fan somewhat surprised. This is far more realistic than he imagined.

Some people did not understand until they were very old. They used to laugh at the classmates who were stupid and rich in their poor grades. They went out of the society, and they went abroad to study and returned to various cattle B diplomas. Just looking for a job with tens of thousands of monthly salary is not too much money, but has been working hard to test the university itself, drowning in the work of people, living with these people who have been laughed at by themselves is not a level of life, Grinded off the ideal, lost the fighting spirit, tired dog is still TM poor!

Zhao Kunsan said that it reveals his more mature concept than his peers. In fact, it is much better to see that he is far better than a stupid chase. Otherwise, the dream will fall, and the cruel reality will make you lose the previous dream. All, like a nightmare is unacceptable!

Of course, Mo Fan has no reason to appreciate it because Zhao Kunsan sees the reality, but it is ridiculous. <> "Zhao Kunsan, you have the potential to be a dog, but also very aware of the dog, this is what I can't do in my life, admire, admire!" Mo Fan retorted.

"What the **** are you, if I am a dog, I am eating good dog food, living in a small house, wearing a beautiful dog, you will be a dog, you will fall into the water dog, you will eat a dog." Don't look at what you are, where isn't the body that emits waste gas from the garbage pile? The most valuable thing is that you don't know how stinky you are now, you have to persecute your last home. When the magic high school came, the result was kicked out. I wanted to ask your father Mo Jiaxing, he did not regret to give birth to you, just sweep the star!" Zhao Kun three continued to marry.

Mo Fan’s embarrassment, in fact, directly poked the pain of Zhao Kunsan, but Zhao Kun is not a fuel-efficient lamp, he admitted that he is a dog, and he bite Mo Fan.

Mo Fan glanced at the crowd.

Sure enough, he captured the person who had a few gloating in the eyes. This person is Mu Bai.

This young man who had been beaten by the ground before he was beaten by the ground.

Also, when it is still younger, everyone is a child. Retaliation is nothing but throwing stones on the glass of others. It is harmless.

Now, the fate of man will undergo a huge change in the magic awakening and magical assessment. Mu Bai, who jumps up, can finally be a chance to fight back!

For the time being, Zhao Kun’s dog was released, and he had been planning for a long time. He was looking for a more suitable opportunity for the next time.

Eight wrong, eight wrong, these 崽 以前 以前 以前 以前 以前 以前 以前 以前 以前 以前 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在 现在

Come, what are the tricks to make it out.

I Mofan specializes in the treatment of the dog and the superior dog for a hundred years, never lost his hand, to convince people, you must report!