"Okay, don't shout loudly. The assessment is now starting, and then there are casual squatters who directly disqualify!" The bald examiner's tiger body was shocked, and all the rivers and lakes were dispelled.

"I really want to know how Miss Muning Snow looked at the expression on your face when you were removed from the magic high school in front of the teachers and students. I think she will regret it. How could I want to escape with such a waste?" White has no need to hide his purpose? He said in a sinister whisper.

"You bad breath, I can't smell the smell, don't be too close to me." Mo Fan used his hand.

Mu Baiyin’s mouth was pumping.

Give this kid a slap for a while!

At that time, he squatted in the mud in the face of Muning Xue, so that he could not raise his head in front of Muning Snow in his life, shameful to this day.

Today, he is going to make this guy die even worse.

The whole school was delisted in public, or in the face of Muning Snow. In this magically respected society, how can Mofan be ridiculed, and how to be looked down upon by Muning Xue, until he rolls to his father, Mo Jiaxing. How do you sell the house to the dad for his magical high school?

In the annual assessment, it is normal for some unqualified students to be asked to leave.

Please do not leave the school informed, the school is not so unhuman.

But there is a situation where the school will directly announce the departure, that is, the magician's stardust has hardly increased!

Under normal circumstances, after the students awaken the stardust, the stardust that persists in cultivation and stupid every day will slowly light up, and the magic can grow unless the student is really lazy!

In order to punish such students who have wasted resources and magic books, in order to make the whole school students clear, cultivation is not a child's play, not a mixed life, the school will inform the students who have been under-represented.

There may not be one in this kind of whole school notification, and the school is set up to spur those who are born.

At the beginning of the semester, the whole class had a rough test. At that time, Mo Fan’s repair was almost zero. Xue Musheng almost wanted to directly assign this quota to Mo Fan.

This semester is over and enters the most solemn annual assessment.

Not surprisingly, this Mofan's repair is very close to the line that the school is informed to leave.

Of course, in order to prevent accidents, Mu Bai and his uncle Mu Heke also prepared a gift to Mo Fan.

This gift is enough to make Mofan stable and qualify for the punishment that the school has not opened for three years.

Fortunately, Muning Snow and Mu Zhuoyun are here, and will also have a panoramic view of this scene.

Thinking of this, Mu Bai is in a good mood.

Today is the day to express yourself, and the days when it has been soaring, it’s the day when Mofan’s people suffer and be humiliated, happy and happy!

......

The annual assessment officially begins!

Thirty classes in the school are held simultaneously.

The test process is actually very simple. It is in the public eye. Under the eyes of the examiner, put your hand on the star stone and concentrate on the meditation. At this time, the star stone will print the same light according to the test star's brilliance. Through the light to judge the level of cultivation.

Each student has three chances.

The one with the strongest light is the result.

Of course, the more concentrated the students, the more realistic the sensor stone can show the strength of the student's stardust.

The test sequence was random. The one who took the lead to test was the one who was raining in front of Pear.

The girl is still so weak, and when she stepped into the star stone under the gaze of everyone, she was very tweaked, and she was afraid that she would be delisted.

"You can start," said the bald examiner.

"He Yu, classmates, cheers, teachers and classmates believe in you," said Xue Musheng, head of the class.

"It doesn't matter if you don't test well, I will raise you." said Jianhua, the younger brother of the nerves.

He Yuqi closed his eyes and put his little hand on the huge star stone.

The whole class was quiet all at once, and the eyes were watching the first girl to test, which was more nervous than the tester.

I don't know why, Mo Fan feels that after entering the test, there is some change in He Yu's temperament. Her look is serious and nervous, but she is nervous but not confused.

The black star stone gradually radiated some brilliance. At first, I wanted to see a dawn in the early morning. With the concentration of the rain, the light gradually spread to the periphery of the star stone, almost filled with brilliance!

"A!"

"A!"

"A!"

At that moment, the three examiners reported their results almost simultaneously.

"Classmate, yes, your final score A!" said the bald chief examiner with a blank expression.

He Yu opened his eyes and said with a disbelief on his face: "Really... Really?? I am A? Am I A?"

Although a girl is very embarrassed and shouted that I was A's picture is very weird, but I have to admit that He Yu's test results surprised everyone.

"I... I went there. A, this is the standard that can be entered into the top class!"

"It's too speechless. She was still crying there before the exam. We all thought that she was really free on the edge that would be left. As a result, Nima took an A!!"

"Magic, typical magical science, I don't believe her anymore."

This result came out, Mo Fan’s classmate Jianhua was dumbfounded.

I still have a chicken feather. It is very good that he can take a B. He is worried about the person who takes A.

Xue Musheng, the class teacher, was so stiff, he was deceived by a female student without brains. However, the first assessment was A, and Xue Musheng was happy.

All the scores will be integrated, integrated, and then compared in 30 classes. Xue Musheng feels that his class is expected to take the top three.

The biggest competitor is the 7th class in the next class. There are Xu Zhaoyu’s Lei Xiaozi. I don’t know if they will open up their classes too much. I hope that the most outstanding Mu Bai in my class can not be inferior to him!

"The next one, do you need an assessment?" The bald examiner looked at He Yu and asked.

He Yu hurriedly shook his head: "I only have 6 stars, or forget it."

"Well, we will decide your placement according to the assessment of your other teachers." The bald examiner said.

"Thank you, teacher."

He Yugao happily walked out, originally wanted to share with his friends, but found that the friends were one meter away from her, which made her a good solution.

I haven’t done anything wrong, and the results are still so good?

"Next, Zhang Xiaohou." The examiner read the name.

Zhang Xiaohou couldn’t help but he didn’t expect to be his turn so soon.

"Fan Ge, I went." Zhang Xiaohou said to Mo Fan.

"Well, do it well, calm down," Mofan said.

"You should not instruct others, listen to vomit." Very no accident, Zhao Kunsan said.

Mo Fan wonders, this Zhao Kun three is to open the automatic follow mode and full-screen chat mode, how to go wherever you can throw the cold water.