Zhang Xiaohou glanced at the class teacher Xue Musheng and took a look at their practical class teacher Tang Yue.

"Good to cheer, the teacher believes in you." This time is the practice class teacher Tang Yue.

Zhang Xiaohou nodded and walked to the star stone.

Closing his eyes, Zhang Xiaohou adjusted his breathing and slowly entered the state of meditation.

The star-shaped stone shines brightly, and it is dark and clear with Zhang Xiaohou's breathing. It can be seen that Zhang Xiaohou is somewhat nervous, and the star-shaped stone cannot fully capture the energy of his star.

However, Zhang Xiaohou is entering the state a little bit.

Finally, the glory is stable, and the blue wind is shining around the star stone. The brightness is even better than the rain. It is almost impeccable except for some instability.

"A!"

"A!"

"A!"

The three examiners seem to have different opinions.

"Teacher, give me another try."

Zhang Xiaohou apparently was not willing to make this achievement, and once again entered the state.

This time, he is more calm.

The light is densely distributed around the star stone, and it is obviously stronger than He Yu, and there is no unstable flicker.

The three examiners glanced at each other and nodded.

"A"

"A"

"A"

"Final grade, A"

As soon as the results came out, the whole class showed a sense of surprise and envy.

"I rely on, A, this is the result of the steady advance class. Zhang Xiaohou, this kid is usually ordinary, and he did not expect to be so outstanding, look away, look away."

"Too great, if I can, A, my dad can buy me a car directly."

Both Xue Musheng and Tang Yue’s teachers also nodded with a smile, and their eyes were full of approval.

Zhang Xiaohou has always been a very optimistic student, and it is reasonable to make this achievement.

"Classmates, yes, we will be based on..." The bald examiner is about to announce the final result.

"Teacher, I have to take one." At this time, Zhang Xiaohou said with a firm but sly expression.

"Are you sure?" The examiner was surprised.

"I know that if the annual assessment results are high, the time to get the Stardust Magic will be longer, so I have to release one." Zhang Xiaohou said with certainty.

Xue Musheng and Tang Yue’s teacher still have a smile on their faces. They have long known that Zhang Xiaohou has actually released this level.

There are two exams in total.

The first item is the stardust test.

Most students can continue to learn magic in Magic High School as long as this clearance is completed.

The second one is actually set up for the top students. About one hundred of the more than 1,000 students have already touched the release of this field.

If you can completely release your own skills in the assessment, the annual assessment points are naturally added!

In order to get more limited school resources, all students in this annual assessment will put their own pressure on the bottom of the box, no longer hide.

......

Zhang Xiaohou's release assessment is not particularly smooth, and he is still not able to completely connect the seven winds into a star track.

However, the examiners also can see that this is a student who has mastered the release but has not succeeded because of the tight examination room. With his performance, he added some points to him appropriately.

With a few points of loss from the examination room, Zhang Xiaohou half lowered his head.

Teacher Tang Yue patted Zhang Xiaohou's shoulder like a gentle big sister: "Don't be discouraged, you can definitely enter the top class with your grades."

"Teacher, I thought I was very skilled. I didn't think that a little bit of tension would make me inexplicably broken every time I controlled the star. I started over. The teacher, how did you do the magic release? What about it?" Zhang Xiaohou asked.

"Nature is practice. Besides, the state of mind is also very important. A qualified magician must not only have a solid foundation, but also a state of mind."

Zhang Xiaohou seemed to understand and nodded.

"Next, Huang Feifeng."

"B!"

"Teacher, I am A, I am A!"

"Noisy again to cancel the results."

"Next, Luo four."

"C!"

The student named Luo Si jumped up happily.

For him, he can get C just like the New Year.

......

Eight classes, students one after another, most of the students are B and C, the number of A is not a lot.

"Look, you see, the school leaders are patrolling here."

"They are in the seven classes...the one who tested was the guy in the thunder."

"Xu Zhaoting, that is the first in the school."

"Not necessarily, I heard that Mu Bai's repair is also very high!"

Mo Fan heard the arguments of the classmates and looked at the test room of the seven classes.

Sure enough, the leader of the school and the exceptionally outstanding Muning Snow have come to this neighborhood.

......

"Mu Zhuoyun, brother, this is our school student and excellent Lei students. He is called Xu Zhaoting. A year ago, after he awakened the thunder system, I was particularly concerned about being a principal. He is now reviewing the release. Look at it?” Tianzhu High School principal said to Mu Zhuoyun.

The principals are so polite to Mu Zhuoyun, showing how high Muzhuo’s position in Bocheng is.

"Ning Xue, look at the performance of this schoolmate."

"Yeah." Muning Snow nodded.

The thunder system, the head of the element system, the devastating destructive power is enough for other magicians to shun!

In the examination room, Xu Zhaoting, wearing a school uniform, was already standing there. He was adjusting his breathing and was also self-adjusting the pressure that the teachers and students of the school watched.

Since he entered the school, he has become the focus of the school, and these eyes are urging him to practice hard all the time.

"Listen to my orders!"

"The first element, Ray!"

"The Seal of Ray!"

The sound falls and the hand rises.

The purple arc slammed, like a savage soldier called by the snake king. They twisted the shocking body and rolled up the air!

freed!

The arc madly fell, and the cockroach hit the human figure puppet.

The puppet trembled fiercely, and it became a blackened, squeaky, and whipped in the mark of Ray's mark. The humanoid puppet was instantly overwhelmed by the power of this thunder.

The ground of the training ground, a black gully, looks so horrified.

The smashed puppet has become a pile of black waste.

The overbearing Thunder skills instantly robbed the eye of the entire examination room, so that the top students who were able to release their skills could not help but take a breath.

My mother-in-law, what kind of wind track, what kind of waters, what fires are all weak, is it good? This thunder-printing hegemony is not comparable to other departments, even directly throwing humanoid puppets into slag, this destructive power ......

If you want to stand there, you can hang it directly!

(I heard that after 12 o'clock in the middle of the night, there is a recommended ticket that has not been voted, there will be something unclean in your room, so you are investing now, or there is someone in your ear in the middle of the night, Hanging the scorpion makes you scream at the creeps: push ~~~ Recommend~~~~~ votes)