Xu Zhaoting saw this result and his face showed a satisfactory color.

As soon as he turned around, he was waiting for the result of the examiner to suddenly look at a pair of bright, snowy scorpions.

It is Muning Snow!

Xu Zhaoting’s face was full of surprises.

He did not think that his own exam had been watched by Muning Snow.

She must be very surprised, after all, the power of Ray is unmatched by other departments.

......

"Ning Xue, how do you feel?" Mu He, the school manager, asked.

“General.” Muning Snow did not take another look and chose to move on.

The headmaster and several other school leaders were so stiff.

No, this strong thunder still feels average, the girl’s vision is so high.

"Oh, in fact, very good, Ning Xue, she is in the Imperial College, where the magical genius of the country is gathered. The release of the first-level thunder is only their basic skill. She will think that she is generally used to measure the standard of the Imperial College." Zhuo Yun explained with a smile, giving the principal and Mu He a few steps.

"So, Xu Zhaoting is still very hopeful to enter the imperial capital school?" The principal is also the person who will walk the steps, said the trend.

Several other people immediately joined and became intoxicated.

"Unexpectedly, Xu Zhaoting will be the first in the school," said Chen Guangliang, director of the teaching office.

"That can't be said, as far as I know, Mu Bai of the eight classes has a power to fight." Vice-president said.

The two said this, Muhe also had a smile on his face. He immediately said to Mu Zhuoyun and Muning Xuedao: "Big brother, Mu Bai is the son of our Mu's family. The results have always been excellent. I see it there too fast. Come to him, let's see it in the past?"

"Mu Bai? Which one?"

"Is Muyang's son, isn't Muyang passed away? I see that their mother and son were bullied in other places, so they received them from the manor. Mu Bai is still a very sensible and very competitive child, no more than our family. Other children are poor... Oh, of course, there is a big gap with Ningxue, but there is also a good seed that can be cultivated.” Muhe said cautiously to Mu Zhuoyun.

The power of the manor is in the hands of Mu Zhuoyun. Mu He is also a master, but he is only a three-handed, four-handed, and is incomparable with Mu Zhuoyun.

"Oh, a little impression, then go check it out, how about the idea of ​​several school managers?" Mu Zhuoyun said.

In the middle of the distribution, Huang’s school director said: “Since you are a Moh’s child, we are still very interested.”

A wave of people began to shift, and slowly walked toward the eight-class examination room.

This group of people is very strong, and the leaders may be an ethereal presence in the eyes of the students, but how Muning Snow is a genius of the same age is the most refreshing for the students.

On the court, when the boys saw a girl watching it, the whole person was playing with chicken blood, not to mention the girl was the goddess that the school dreamed of.

"My God, the leadership team has come."

"It’s really coming, my hand is shaking."

"It’s a good time to show me."

"You show a yarn, your assessment is over, a C slag!"

The eight classes of students were suddenly unable to settle.

Everyone's fate is in this year's assessment, and as long as a glance, the leadership group that can change their life has come over at this moment, which makes the test atmosphere dignified to the extreme.

Mu He walked in the front, and the bald examiner immediately looked up and glanced at Mu He’s eyes.

Muhe hinted that the bald examiner immediately understood, first pretended not to see anything, plain and faint: "Next, Mu Bai!"

Mu Bai’s eyes were still placed on Muning Snow. Even if he lived in a castle, the castle was so large that Mu Bai did not stand so close to Muning Snow.

"Mu Bai, I am here." Muhe coughed and reminded Mu Bai.

Mu Bai responded.

No way, he likes Muning Snow for too many years, even if he knows that he is unlikely to walk with her, but his mother can't tolerate the kind of garbage that can be turned away by Mo Fan, and he should be a guardian!

It is time to prove that I have worked hard for so many years!

Mu Bai nodded and walked toward the examination room.

Waiting for a long time in this year, Mu Bai took a deep breath.

The family's attention, Muning Snow's gaze, this has always been Mu Bai dreaming, and today both will be realized.

Put your hand on the induction stone, Mu Bai suppresses the excitement inside, try to do the best.

Mu Bai did a lot of practice in this area, even if his mood is more excited and nervous than anyone else at this time, he still completed a good meditation with his skill.

The white ice awns quickly spread out of the star stone and were all densely covered around the star stone.

These ice awns are very strong, even spilling from the star stone, printed on Mu Bai's face.

The teachers and students of the whole class looked a bit fascinated.

The light spilled out, I am afraid that they only saw it in so many assessments, even A’s Zhou Min was inferior to Mu Bai’s radiance!

"S!"

"S!"

"S!"

The three examiners gave the scores the first time, and all of them were S!

"I remember that Xu Zhaoting was just two S and one A?"

"So, Mu Baixing will win Xu Zhaoting on the dust!" Mu He said immediately.

Xue Musheng was also a bit stunned at this time. Is this Mu Bai hiding his strength?

It is worthy of being a child of the family. I thought that Mu Bai could only get one S at most. I didn't think he was three S!

Three S, the final result is naturally S!

This is definitely the top of the school, no doubt!

"Grass, Mu Bai is too embarrassed, and there are actually 3 S. This result directly opened the seven classes of Xu Zhaoting, and deserved the first."

"I didn't expect it, I didn't expect it..."

"Mu Bai, you are a real cow B!!"

Several girls have already had a flower idiot at this time.

Mu white handsome, the results are leading the way, it is simply the Prince Charming in their minds.

"Big Brother, what do you think?" Muhe smiled and asked Mu Zhuoyun next to him.

"Not bad." Mu Zhuoyun was just a short comment.

Munin Snow did not speak.

Seeing that Muning Snow has not moved, Mu Bai knows that the three Ss in front of the genius of Muning Snow are really nothing, and then the release is the time to truly show himself!

Mu Bai turned and walked into the examination room.

"Mu Bai test is released!"

"Crap, Mu Bai must have controlled seven stars."

"I am looking forward to ice skills."

In the voice of the discussion, Mu Bai has been staring firmly at the figure puppet.

Yes, the Stardust test is only the basis, and those who have a little insight know that release is the real judge.

I will definitely let the patriarch and Muning Snow look at each other!

Close your eyes and enter the magical movement.

Mu Bai was very skillful to connect the seven ice stars into a star track.