"Ice vine!"

There was no pause, no interruption, and Mu Bai went all out and showed himself hard.

His pupil appeared discolored, and when he exhaled the magical moment, he suddenly realized that the humanoid puppet was covered with white frost!

The frost covered quickly, and the whole human figure was like a layer of lacquer painted on the powder, which looked amazing.

The coldness and gloom filled the entire examination room.

"吱吱~~吱吱~~~吱~~~~"

The ice vine did not end after covering the puppet, and it began to spread to the ground of the examination room.

In other classes, there is also an ice system that has been tested for ice vines. His ice vines are obviously not so imposing!

The students were scared to go back and felt the ice vines spread to their area.

The school leaders and examiners were very calm, and they had a few thumbs up in their eyes.

This is a relatively mature ice vine skill, and it is passed in the Wizards Association.

The Wizards Association is set up for adults, and it is really hard for a student who is awakened for a year to complete such mature ice skills.

"Not bad." Mu Zhuoyun still made this evaluation.

Mu Bai did not know whether he had entered the eyes of Mu Zhuoyun, and his heart turned to Muning Snow.

This look, Mu Bai seems to be hit by the arrow in the heart, because her beloved Mu Ning snow did not look at him, but looked at someone in the class.

Mu Bai also looked for the opportunity, and the heart was in the middle of an arrow.

Mo Fan! !

She is watching Mo Fan! !

Asshole, asshole! !

Why is she watching him again! !

The guy who should be drowning in the garbage has something to look at, my release is so good, why not look at me! !

Mu Bai's entire face was distorted quickly.

At the most important moment of his life, he hoped to get the attention of Muning Snow. As a result, she still looked at the little nephew. The little nephew was just a clown who laughed at the princess. The clown has something to look at. Why are you still wasting your precious gaze? ?

"I will make you die very miserable!" Mu Bai's face was gloomy to the extreme, and with that heavy grievances went down the examination room.

"The score is very outstanding, the stardust is divided into S, and the B grade is released." The examiner gave the final score.

Released, even those top students who are only C-level and D, the only one-level B-class, only the Lei Xing of the Lei system!

This achievement is deserved to be the first in the school.

......

"Next, Mo Fan!"

When people were amazed at Mu Bai’s gorgeous victory, it was finally Mofan’s turn.

In fact, Mo Fan is a bit strange.

With the green tea male is finished, is it deliberately designed?

Mo Fan does not believe that there is such a coincidence in the world.

However, it does not matter, it should be eaten, it should sleep, the soldiers will block, the water will cover the soil, if you do not lift, it is sunny.

......

"How?" Mu He saw Mu Bai coming, and asked in a small voice.

"According to what you said." Mu Bai is like a sorrowful woman.

"I am also good for Mo Jiaxing. I will sweep out his son directly, so that he will not be so tired of worrying about being a father. It is not a matter of learning magic. He has to squeeze in." Mu He said.

Mu He and Mu Bai naturally have a way to deal with Mo Fan.

Before the exam, Mu He had been carefully planned through the strength of his school manager.

The bald examiner is a member of Muhe, and the student examination order Muhe is also arranged.

Mo Bai’s exam is Mofan immediately. Mo Fan’s test is the time to rest and announce half of the test scores, so this can be a perfect hand and foot. For example, when Mu Bai puts his hand on the stardust, he can A dark stone is placed under the star stone.

The effect of this dark stone is very simple. When the star-shaped stone is shining, it will absorb a part of the energy, and let the whole star-shaped stone shine a lot.

In this way, even if Mo Fan reluctantly blended into a C score, this small stone like a gravel can also stabilize Mo Fan's performance to D, or even lower.

Anyway, it’s a bad person, and it makes him feel bad when it’s bad. There is really no need for such a person to waste the resources of the school. It’s not a bad thing to clear the school early to the school.

Mu Bai has already smiled and twisted.

This time, you must not lose your face? ?

......

"Mo Fan, some familiar." At this time, Mu Zhuoyun slowly said.

"Big brother, he is the son of the lady's driver." Mu He is very time to mention Mu Zhuoyun.

At this time, Muning Snow, who has always been like a snow, has a round of gaze.

In fact, she has already recognized Mo Fan, but she is also very confused. Why did she just come here, is it the test of Mu Bai and Mo Fan?

Mu Zhuoyun took a look at Muning Snow next to it.

Mu Ningxue quickly recovered the calm, just like the ordinary students before, without any emotional fluctuations.

Mu Zhuoyun has a certain satisfaction in his eyes.

When a child is always ignorant and rebellious, when he grows up, he will not be so naive.

"Look, let's count our Mu's, it used to be." Mu Zhuoyun said gently.

Mu Zhuoyun is very clear that a driver’s son is unlikely to have more color, so that Muning Snow can see it. This kind of small Bocheng will catch up with a large number of people sooner or later to fade out their world. I don't want such a scar to be left in the heart of my baby girl.

......

On the other hand, Mo Fan did not listen to what those people BB.

He has already reached the star stone and placed his hand on the star stone like everyone else.

"Actually, I am very grateful to him for being there, can help me sit on the bottom of the throne, or I will be miserable." A school **** said.

"The third child, I am also D, it doesn't matter, we sprinkle the campus together." Xiaobin, a student in the dormitory water system, said.

"D can't get it, it's hard to say."

"Yeah, there is no such thing as a little progress."

In the class, Zhou Min, who is also a fire department, is also watching Mo Fan.

She wants to know if the goods are in school or not. A person who has a brighter fire talent than himself is to be directly removed from the school. Even Zhou Min feels that it is a pity, and that Mo Fan’s unsuccessful person can’t help himself. A bit disgusted.

"There is light, there is light..."

"The light seems to be weak, how do you feel weaker than the D-class."

On the star stone, the radiance is very shy and cannot be transmitted from the inside of the star stone.

However, the internal light is obviously more breakthrough, it seems that the brilliance shines, but it cannot be released.

"I rely on it, not right."

"This light...sit seems not D!"

"Really, C-level??" Roommate Xiaobin's classmates looked at it. He couldn't believe that Mofan actually ignited the fire of the C-class on the star stone.

Say good and sprinkle out of the campus, you take a C is barely qualified.

Does **** and **** say good trust? ?