"Is it C??"

"No, no, the light is slowly spreading."

Several examiners also looked confused. Other candidates completed the test very quickly. The student’s light was weak at first, and then slowly strengthened from D to C. After C, it was still slow. Slowly lit.

"There is B! This is definitely B!!"

"I have a grass, counterattack, **** is counter-attack!!"

"I haven't made a mistake, I only have a C. How can this product have B?" Huang Feifeng, who is also in the fire department, is crying.

Zhou Min is A, the weak boy named Daniel is also a B, four fire students are his Huang Feifeng is C, how can you compete in the face of Tang Yue teacher!

Xue Musheng’s eyes suddenly lit up.

As the class teacher, I am most afraid that there is a drag on the class. Today, Xue Musheng only asked Mo Fan to take the quota that had not been opened for three years. How many big Buddhas would like to pull the hind legs.

What Xue Musheng couldn’t think of completely was that this kid suddenly came up with a B! !

The average score should be roughly B-

This big Buddha is actually above average, and dreams are unexpected.

Now Xue Musheng is more happy than seeing an A student!

This time, the argument is not smaller than that of Mu Bai. After all, Mu Bai is a good result that everyone has identified. Mo Fan is the scum of the school students.

Xuequ suddenly took a B, too many people were unexpected!

"How could it be... How could it be..." Under this, Mu Bai was dumbfounded!

His uncle, Mu He, also looked at the circle.

Hey, this kid took B? ? ?

"Mu Bai, you put down the dark stone in the end, the dark stone absorbs the light very strong, a C person can become even D can not get." Mu He lowered his voice and said to Mu Bai.

"I let go, absolutely let go." Mu Bai can not miss the link in this section even if he misses his exam.

The dark stone must have been put on, but why did this guy take a B? ?

This cargo is not free between C and D, is he still hiding the strength, and finally the exam broke out a B?

If C is qualified, B is good!

Can you imagine a school scum that was originally supposed to be opened for three years, and the ash is suddenly turned into a good student?

"Well, nothing unexpected." Mu Zhuoyun said with a bit of self-deprecating.

My daughter was almost turned away by such a kid? ?

I really have to do this kind of thing, I have to be laughed at by the whole world!

"Well, let's go to the next class." Mu Zhuoyun did not want her daughter to pay too much attention to this kid, and said to everyone.

"Big brother, that is Mubai..." Mu Heyi said still.

Mu Heke is not satisfied with this result. On the one hand, on the one hand, Mu Bai wants to be a leader in the family, and he is valued by the patriarch. On the other hand, Mo Fan’s death is not a place of burial. Now neither of them has been reached. How can this be? gone?

"Oh, give them more points in the New Year to show encouragement." Mu Zhuoyun replied.

Mu Bai heard, people are stupid.

What is the Chinese New Year? ?

The ghost wants the same kind of money for charity. What he wants is to pay attention to it. What he wants is the place that the Mu's family will focus on. He wants the Stardust Demon, and wants Muh's behemoth to be given to the cultivation resources of the children! !

"This... Big Brother, I think..." When Mu Hegang wanted to say a few more words for Mu Bai, another voice rang.

"No, this is not the right light!"

Suddenly, someone sent a question. This is a woman's voice, the voice is soft and beautiful, **** and mature.

"Tang Yue teacher, do you have any doubts about this judgment?? It is reasonable to say that the examination is determined by the examiner, even if we have doubts..." Xue Musheng said.

Xue Musheng has actually been satisfied with this achievement of 10,000. He even suspects that the star stone has a problem, otherwise he will give Mo Fan a B.

Teacher Tang Yue, you can let this thing pass. If there is a problem, this class teacher will not be guaranteed in the evening!

"The teacher is not qualified to question the judgment, but can question the accidents in the assessment... You can even check the test equipment to ensure the accuracy of the equipment." Tang Yue said righteously.

At this time, several school leaders secretly shook their heads to Teacher Tang Yue.

Including the principal is also constantly suggesting Tang Yue teacher.

It’s not that the school leaders know what tricks are hidden in them, but they don’t want to do something unnecessary when so many school managers are present.

This result is awkward, it is normal, it is nothing more than an ordinary student.

"This teacher, why do you have doubts about the results?" Mu Zhuoyun had a bit of interest, and asked.

Teacher Tang Yue has already entered the examination room, her brows screaming.

Suddenly, she closed her eyes, just as a magician was releasing magic.

Anyone who knows about magic should know that she is actually sensing.

......

The behavior of Tang Yue’s teacher suddenly made Mu He and Mu Bai panic.

It is reasonable to say that after the test of Mo Fan, the assessment will stop, let the students go to rest, and also announce the list of outstanding students in the first half of the assessment.

Taking advantage of this intermission, the bald examiner can take the dark stone away without any sensation. Everything is as usual and seamless.

Everything is in order, who knows that a teacher has jumped out and seems to find the problem.

"Mr. Tang Yue, how can you avoid the discipline of the examination room? If I were you, I would leave the examination room of the candidate immediately!!" Muhe suddenly yelled.

Of course, Mu He wants to drink. He wants to use his own arrogance to shock the teacher who discovered the problem.

However, Teacher Tang Yue was not afraid at all. She seemed to find something and went straight to the Star Stone.

"There is a problem with the star stone. This assessment must be repeated." Tang Yue’s eyes looked at the examiner with great gaze.

The bald examiner was immediately overwhelmed and hurried to watch Mu He.

Muhe’s face could not be hanged.

Mu Bai's look is even more panic.

"What do you do, in the past, we must give the candidates a fair and fair test environment. If there is a problem, they should be dealt with immediately." President Tianzhu suddenly said with anger.

The three examiners immediately went to check and quickly discovered the unknown dark stone.

"Weird, we have checked before, how can this thing come in?" another examiner said with surprise.

Each candidate will be re-examined after the assessment is completed, and the person who is examined after Mu Bai's examination is the bald examiner.

This will be bald examiner can pee!

The test is sheltered, but it is a big sin.

(Please ask for a few monthly tickets... Oh, oh, it is a recommended ticket, I am sorry, I have to get used to the monthly ticket. I always feel that I don’t have a monthly ticket for a long time. It’s hard to be a beast. In short, everyone remembers to vote for it, right Monday. When the big book scorpion is vying for pets, we can't show weakness in our chaos, and the dagger will look up!)