“How?” The principal questioned the three examiners.

The three examiners have not had time to report the appearance of the Dark Rock, and Mu He preempted:

"Oh, since there is a problem, then re-examine it, Director Wang, you go to the reserve room and take another star stone.... Star stone, this thing is easy to use, it is a little expensive, after being disturbed by different energy. There will be some minor problems. I really want to thank Teacher Tang Yue for discovering it at a glance and making up for a mistake."

Mu He’s goods are not old foxes, they immediately blocked things, and they did not let the three examiners report the truth.

Although Tang Yue frowned, she also knew that this matter could not be related to Mu He.

It is difficult for school leaders to make this public, considering that the student assessment will be affected or not.

"Well, retake the exam."

"Retake it!"

"Mo Fan, the star stone has some minor problems, your previous results are invalid, we will give you a chance to retake the exam." The bald examiner seized the life-saving straw, and immediately said.

Mo Fan looked at the group like a group of clowns.

Toss, continue to toss, Grandpa is waiting here!

"Great, re-examination, you are at most a D, how could it be B, the third child can we sprinkle the school together." Lu Xiaobin students excited face.

I am not satisfied with Lu Xiaobin, I really want to thank Tang Yue for discovering the problem in time.

Just said, Mo Fan, this is usually more than himself, how can salt fish turn over.

"Tang Yue teacher, why are you suffering this? It is not a bad thing to give students a chance." Xue Musheng said to Tang Yue that he could not smile.

It’s really a problem with the star stone. Xue Musheng is not good for the whole person.

It’s still coming, and the things that haven’t been opened for three years are really opened by the students in their class!

"Haha, how can I Huang Feifeng bottom? Mr. Tang Yue is really a famous name, I admire you too much." Huang Feifeng, who is also a fire department, said with relief.

On the other hand, Mu Kun’s dog leg Zhao Kunsan is also happy.

Scared to death, I thought that this **** was really counter-attacked, and his Zhao Kunsan was just a B.

"Fortunately, fortunately, Mu Bai, this bad star stone almost made this kid's door pass, I found that Tang Yue teacher is more and more like my dream lover." Zhao Kun three wiped his cold sweat and continued Dao, "Hey, Mu Bai, why are you still squinting? Didn't you say that the star stone had a problem? Did he take a B? Don't worry, he must be out."

"Can you shut up, bother!" Mu Bai said with extreme irritability.

Zhao Kun tripled his head and didn't know where he annoyed the master.

......

The tests in other classes were basically over. Many people were surrounded by the eight classes, including the top students in other classes.

This time, Mo Fan is accidentally the focus of everyone.

"Well, Mo Fan, you can re-test, Tang Yue, you also checked, this time there is no problem?" The bald examiner smiled very flatteringly.

"Nothing." Tang Yue teacher replied.

Mo Fan once again stood on the star stone, this time he did not feel a cold breath to fight.

Sure enough, Mu Bai made their hands and feet!

Mo Fan snorted, but fortunately, the most **** and charming Tang Yue teacher found it early, otherwise Mo Fan in front of the leadership must also tear the end with such grandson!

Mofan closed his eyes and placed his hand on the star stone.

The coldness of the star stone quickly rose under the conduction of the momentum of the Mofan stardust.

The radiance is getting stronger and stronger, and the red radiance is like burning the whole star stone from the inside. This time, the brilliance is not suppressed by a little bit, and it is completely released. They are all around the star stone, even overflowing the star. Feeling stone! !

"This... this light!!!"

The first person to reveal incredible is Mu Zhuoyun.

The principal, the vice-principal, the director of the Department of Political Affairs and Education, and the school administrators also widened their eyes.

"Light spills!!!"

Xue Musheng, the head teacher, has been completely dumbfounded.

When he was a teacher for so many years, how could he not understand this radiance? ?

It seems that only Mu Bai has reached the realm of radiance overflowing in the whole school. I don’t know if the flame itself is relatively bright. The overflowing fire system is even stronger than the white ice brilliance! !

"My grass!!!!"

Those students who are on the other side of the class, as well as the students of the eight classes, have already been slandered by me. This shocking word gives trample to death!

The light is overflowing, this is really a radiance! !

Nima, a student who has been rated as a mentally retarded slag, has reached the realm of radiance! ! !

"S...S??"

"It's S... It seems to be S."

"Or... or, can we check again?"

Crazy, the bald director Wang and the other two examiners are crazy, and those who have always thought that Mo Fan will be cleared out of school are also crazy.

Damn, this is the star stone that has gone wrong. How can this product be repaired to such an extent? ? ?

"It is an illusion, it must be an illusion!"

"I don't believe it, I don't believe it, I don't believe it!!" Xiaobin, a student of the water system, was crying and crying.

Say good to go out together on campus? ?

Even if you Momo fulfills the promise of learning slag, you will change your mind in a second. This time, whoever TM does not stop, I will go to the river. Mo Fan can become a **** of learning, how can I not drown a magician in a water system? ?

Mu Ningxue, who has always been expressionless, finally moved at this time.

Yes, even she didn't think that the end result would be like this!

For Mo Fan, who has no special talents and no family, it is really normal to take a B grade.

However, he achieved a radiance, and the light of the fire system overflowed, which is even better than Mu Bai, which already has some resources and family foundation.

I don't know why, there is some sunshine in Muning Snow, just like the overflowing fire system.

"It was a big surprise. We almost missed a better student." A school manager said after amazement.

"Yeah, yeah, you can't imagine just giving him a B grade, how badly he will be in the future, and how amazing a magician will be lost in our school."

"It’s not too late to make up for it, Teacher Tang Yue, I really want to thank you for your insight!"

Teacher Tang Yue saw that the leaders were complimenting themselves, just a smile.

In fact, Tang Yue himself was also surprised.

I have always thought that the best fire student in the class is Zhou Min, but it is unexpected that this Mofan is even more outstanding. The most important thing is that he has been practicing quietly before, no comparison, no exposure, such a heart is becoming a magician. Good embryo.

(I found that it was Children's Day, I knew that most of the books I read were primary school students, so I would update one more chapter in order to make you happy, so you should also vote for the moon!)