Zhou Min, the same strong girl in the fire department, looked at the overflowing light, and the whole face was full of incredible.

This student who has been disgusted by himself has turned out to be a student... even stronger than Mu Bai? ?

I have always looked away?

Everything was shocked, everything was unbelievable, and all the surprises and mistakes were far worse than the appearance of Mu Bai’s face.

This expression can't be described by expressions. It's just a whole bunch of twisted, cramped meats trembled there.

What else in this world is more trapped than the one that is most disgusted by oneself?

Zhao Kun, the dog's leg, blinked countless times, but he still saw the radiance. Before that, the pair of high-spirited slaps of Mofan slammed into nothing, completely turned into a funny silly | forced, so awkward in the crowd !

"S!"

"S!"

"S!"

Final score "S!"

The highest level of school testing is S, but everyone knows that Mofan's Stardust Magic can be a bit higher than Mu Bai.

"Mofan, do you want to continue testing?"

"That is of course!" Mo Fan smiled slightly.

I don’t want to wait for this day!

Damn, if it is not a big change in the world, it should be this rhythm when it is admitted to high school. Fortunately, the final result is good!

Release, Mo Fan certainly has to test.

Do you want to practice magic? It’s just to shine like a little gold in front of others.

"Fire nourish!"

The entire imposing process was extremely smooth, and after Mo Fan was read, the whole person was solemn and confident.

The frenzied breath spread from the madness of Mofan Central, hitting hundreds of people's cheeks, and the burning feeling was so vivid.

The Fire Star track quickly disappeared in Mofan after Mofan completed the arrangement of the stars...

Red and red, shocking!

A cluster of flames slammed on Mofan's half-handed palm, like a beast that couldn't wait.

"Go away!"

With a big hand, the fire group crossed a dazzling red flame tail in the examination room, and accurately penetrated into the human figure puppet.

"Give me up!"

The hand rose high again, and the flame that was silent for about a second suddenly snarled on the puppet.

Reddish, the more burning, the raging fire engulfed the entire humanoid puppet in a few seconds.

The fire was reflected on the cheeks of Yan Fan. This face was laughing and smiling so confidently.

This is the fire, control the power of fire, arrogance!

......

After all this, Mo Fan turned around.

One by one.

Teachers, students, and leaders, they have not recovered from the Morvina S-level assessment results, but they immediately saw Mo Fan's unparalleled smooth release of the fire.

There is no pause, no dissonance, and even faster than Mu Bai!

The fire system is more arrogant than the ice system in the first stage, so when Mo Fan completes the release of the fire, everyone's reaction is ten times stronger than the white ice vine, not only the gorgeous turn of Mo Fan, but also Because the fire system is more magnificent!

"Score it." Mo Fan looked at the dumbfounded examiner and said incomparably.

"A!"

"B!"

"A!"

Release the results instantly.

Sure enough, Mo Fan’s performance is still higher than Mu Bai.

Mu Bai has been mad at the myocardial infarction, and this is completely ruined!

How could this be, this is not in line with the script! !

Both are higher than Mu Bai!

"Is this really the Mofan we know??"

"In the history of the most cattle B's counterattack, a second change to learn God, flash my dog's eyes!!" Xu Qinglin said.

Xue Musheng, the class teacher, has already smiled at his mouth.

Regardless of what kind of grievances Mu Bai and Mo Fan have, he suddenly jumped out of a student with a S score in his class, and even released the highest score. No accident is the first in the school?

From the first to the first, I am afraid that there is nothing more surprising than this, just like a dream.

The first is that outside of them, Mu Bai should be able to sit in the second position.

Ever since, the first and second are in his class, he is the rhythm of salary increase!

"I don't think it's a Muh's family. You, Mu Zhuoyun, you really let us open these little magical organizations. I remember correctly, this Mofan classmate is only the son of your estate driver. In the big family is The big family, I can't help but spurt such outstanding students in Bocheng!" said Deng Yu of the Hunter League.

Mu Zhuoyun looked at Deng Kai.

Deng Kai is a high-ranking hunter in the hunter league. He is also the manager of the Scorpio Magic High School. It is considered to be the highest and most powerful among all the managers.

Deng Kai’s manager praised this, and several other school managers were also very impressed.

You can't take it, a driver's son is so bully B, comparable to the good magic seedlings they have carefully cultivated!

Mu Zhuoyun slowly recovered from his surprise.

He did not think that this Mo Fan really had two sons, and now he heard the praises from the people in the circle, and his face was light.

In a good mood, Mu Zhuoyun also thought about it.

Although the younger generation of the family has Mu Ningxue always holding the banner, other families and neighboring children need to be cultivated to consolidate the power of their family.

It is just that the magician who majored in the fire department is very lacking in their Mu's family.

Although this kid has done things that make him extremely angry before, but after all, he is young and ignorant. After all these years, there is no need to pursue it again. It is better to give some sweetness and let this kid work for the Muss family.

Proximity will definitely not let him approach Mu Ningxue. It is not a bad thing to send him to his eldest son, Mu Jiangming, to cultivate an excellent fire minister.

Talent, still have to accept!

Mu Zhuoyun licked his beard and had a little appreciation in his eyes. Seeing that Mo Fan had already left the examination room, he said, "Mo Fan, come over."

Mo Fan looked at Mu Zhuoyun and didn't know what the old **** told him to do.

With a bit of doubt, Mo Fan came to the front of these small leaders, and his eyes still unconsciously looked at Muning Snow.

I rub, this girl has not seen how to grow up in a few years... so bad for the country!

"Cough!" Mu Zhuoyun coughed.

Muning Snow removed his gaze.

Mo Fan also regained his gaze.

"Call me?" Mo Fan looked up at the tall, sturdy Mu Zhuoyun.

In front of others, Mu Zhuoyun has the majesty of a king, so that many juniors are afraid to come out in front of them.

Mo Fan will not, in addition to the birth of a beautiful daughter is worthy of recognition, the body is exuding the old bastard.