When Mo Fan came home, his mind was full of Mu He’s words. The words seemed to be careless and long-talking, but they already revealed too much disdain for Mo Jiaxing’s family and for himself.

Can't even have a first-level magician?

I am looking at you! !

Mo Fan admits that he has been close to the little princess Mu Ning for a while, but he didn’t know that this would bring disaster to his poor family. From that day, Mofan would know this. The society still has three or six.

"Mo Fan, hahaha, your problem is solved. I called my old friend. It turns out that he can now be a cow. He is the director of the teaching department of Scorpio High School. He said that as long as you practice well, he can let you Into the Scorpio Magic High School, let you wake up the magic that you hit, this opportunity is only once in a lifetime, this time you must work hard, you know?" Face sallow Wajiao Mo Jiaxing smiled and walked in, palm Shot on Mofan's shoulder.

Mo Fan looked at Dad’s joy and smiled. In exchange for ordinary Mo Fan, he would be happy to have a week of white wine to celebrate with his father. But after knowing the truth, he still believed that Dad’s loyalty and laughter made him even more Mo Fan is not willing to believe that his respected father has never been respected in this society.

"Really, that's great, it's my dad, everything can be done, haha." Finally, Mo Fan also put on a smile, and backed up with his old man.

"That is, of course, don't look at who your dad is?" Mo Jiaxing felt that this kid was a good shot, and his face was more smiling.

The two fathers and sons still drank a few cups at night. During the drinking process, Mo Jiaxing said with euphemism: "Mo Fan, you will live directly at school. I intend to rent out the house and give us more subsidies for life."

Mo Fan actually knows that this home is equivalent to selling to Mu He. This broken house is not worth the money, but the land is very expensive in the urban area.

"Well, let's rent it out. Anyway, I rarely come back. It is the heart of the summer..." Mofan pretended not to know.

"Heart is in your heart, and to tell the truth, our two big men are also not good at taking care of the summer, this gimmick is sensible, we don't have to worry too much." Mo Jiaxing said.

"That line, you remember to come to school to see me." Mo Fan said.

"I know, sleepy, I fell asleep, you will go to school tomorrow." Mo Jiaxing drank the last bit of white wine, and some staggered and stood up.

Mo Fan looked at him and turned around, watching this back suddenly remembered Zhu Ziqing's article.

I live in school, my heart is in the summer, my two children are settled, then where should this middle-aged person live?

Finally, Mo Fan did not say to wear this thing.

In fact, Mo Jiaxing is willing to make such a sacrifice to be a father's duty and glory. He wants his son to know that you can learn with confidence, you can't solve things, I will help you. solve.

And Mo Fan also knows that to put things through, will only make Mo Jiaxing feel sad and self-confident, after all, which man does not want to do anything that can be a son of cattle B father?

Mo Fan can't be said to wear, others can not respect Dad, but they can't!

This small broken house, can't live without it, for up to three years, waiting for his magic Mahayana, anything will be there.

This society, magic is respect!

I will definitely become the master of the Master!

......

During the summer, the two months passed quickly, and Mo Fan felt that the whole person had fallen into the book.

There are books in the library of Scorpio Magic High School, and the book about magic science is as complicated and numerous as science. It is the true meaning of the sea of ​​learning.

However, Mo Fan has already gained a lot, at least he is no longer illiterate... Oh, the magic is blind, and the nine-year obligatory magic education teaches Mofan to basically master, and there is a lot of Zhang Wuji’s great move to become a pedal. The light of the Ming Ding.

Starting on September 1st, the day of school is a very important day for all magical students, because it is not only the most important step for all students to step into the magician, but also the magic of which students will become. division!

Awakening, as the name suggests, is to wake up the potential power in the body.

"Little devil, I wish you good luck, it is best to awaken a fire system, which will make you a lot of cheap in the magical students, as for other departments, although it is OK, but from the initial magician combat power is still the fire system Best, oh, the rock system is also good... the wind system can also be...” said the old manager of the library, Gu Laotou.

Mo Fan responded with a sigh of relief, and the old man said nothing.

To be honest, Mo Fan didn't sleep all night last night. For him, today's awakening is not just a change of fate. It is an unprecedented attempt. In the original world, magic is impossible. I can hold it today with sincerity.

The little heart is alive and kicking!

......

Mo Fan is in class 8 in high school, the last one in student number 48!

No way, he basically came in through the back door.

The higher the student number is, the higher the score in the magical test. It is said that after the general awakening of a certain department, the cultivation speed will be faster than that of the normal person, because they can integrate the whole magic knowledge and cultivate it.

Very unfortunate, this No. 1 of the 8th class is the old classmate of Mo Fan - Mu Bai

Mu Bai is actually a Mu's family. It seems to be a sideline living in a mountain village. He has always looked down on Mo Fan's nature because he is a young master in Mu's Mountain Village. Mo Fan is a servant and son. Also a servant.

It is a pity that this guy is not a level of a little princess and a small princess of Mu Ningxue. Mu Bai used to ask Mu Ning Xue for all kinds of fun, and Muning Snow did not marry him.

Mu Bai's magic scores are very good. He should be regarded as the key training object in the Mu's family. It is said that if this guy awakens the Mu family's family ice system, his cultivation speed will be improved several times. After all, Mu Shijia has too Many family resources can be provided, and it is incomparable to ordinary people such as Mu Bai.

"Classmates, welcome you to school, I think many of you are waiting for this exciting time today. Before that, I have a lot to say to everyone." On the big magic playground, the whole school has 1,500 people. The 20 classes are neatly formed into a square standing team, which looks very spectacular!

"Classmates, do you know what it is for being a magician?"

"You should not forget wherever you are in the magician. Our magician is to explore human development and protect humanity as the most important mission. Don't forget that there are countless demons in your comfortable city! ”

The headmaster said a long, long conversation and finally got what everyone wanted to hear.

"Well, wake up today? I hope that you will be the magic star that will rise in the future!"

The voice of the old principal has just fallen, and the students on the playground have been unable to hold back their inner joy.

Who does not want to control the flames to destroy the power, who does not want to control the cold and freeze all evil, who does not want to control the atmosphere to ride the world, who does not want to spur the earth to resist invasion?

There are so many heroes in many stories, videos, and movies that they deserve to worship, and they are eager to be such magicians. Today is the first step in their journey to the magician, whether it is in the field of monsters outside the city. Pride, or the supreme power to control the magic city...

(Good mood, another chapter! Opening a new book is a wayward!)

(The update time of the full-time mage will be very stable~~~ 12 noon, and 10 o'clock in the evening. Under normal circumstances, it will be sent in 2 chapters. When you are willful, you will be updated. ~ Everyone supports! Recommend tickets, remember to vote!!)