"Our Muss family had just got some fire system cultivation resources a while ago. Unfortunately, almost everyone in the manor is an ice system. Your fire talent is good, and it makes us a little surprised, so I plan to give these resources to You, in addition to normal classes, you can practice with Mu Jiangming." Mu Zhuoyun said with a beard.

These words are naturally said in front of all people. In the eyes of Mu Zhuoyun, this is also to give Mo Fan face!

The subordinates in the entire manor have sharpened their heads and want to show themselves in front of themselves. They don’t take them seriously. Mofan’s people who are not counted by the basic Mu’s children can have such an opportunity to jump into the gantry. !

In this society, there will always be some special cases of jumping into the gantry. As the patriarch of the Zhuoyun family, you can't just look at the children in the family.

"Big brother, this... how can this be? Mu Bai actually has a better talent. He may have some tensions and no performance today, plus he is within our family..." Mu He is stupid, urgent. I hurried to Mu Zhuoyun.

On the other hand, Mu Bai had already been swayed by Wan Jian. After hearing this, it was completely smashed with the corpse of the corpse several times. How can it be described as a miserable!

Damn, that is his Mu Bai most want to repair opportunities for his disciples!

Mu Bai tried his best to get rid of the title of his next child and enter the real core of the Mu's children, so that he would get more abundant cultivation resources, and it would no longer be the half-master who was under the fence.

Even if I didn’t get it, I was even given it by my most hated person!

The body must be alive! !

"I have already made this decision. You don't have to say much about Muhe." Mu Zhuoyun waved his hand and kept the smile on his face and looked at Mo Fan.

What's the matter, your kid is happy?

Still not thanking Lord Ron?

Mu Zhuoyun is quite satisfied with his ability to abandon his former identity and recruit students who have no status. He seems to be a competent person in charge.

......

"Mo Fan, what are you doing, thank you very much for the favor of Master Mu." Xue Musheng, the head of the class, hurriedly said to Mo Fan.

Zhang Xiaohou, Lu Xiaobin, and Xu Qinglin are even more envious.

In the previous session, Mo Fan was still a small hanging wire that could not be found in the sea of ​​people.

Mo Fan looked at Mu Zhuoyun with a warm smile on his face, and his expression was a glimpse.

Mo Fan reacted, and he licked his mouth.

After a while, Mo Fan said: "Your brain is in the water?"

"What do you say?" Mu Zhuoyun's face was full of doubts, and he did not hear what the kid said.

"I said, is your brain in the water!" Mo Fan repeated the words just now.

In this sentence, everyone hears that clear, but the expression on everyone's face is no longer chaotic.

God horse horse? ? ?

Brain into the water? ? ?

This goods said that Mu Zhuoyun brain into the water! !

My God, Mo Fan this guy is crazy! !

Mu Zhuoyun has already heard it clearly. He blew his beard and said with a bit of anger: "Your next sentence is better to have a perfect explanation, otherwise..."

"Explain, of course." Mo Fan nodded and said, "You don't pretend that you haven't suppressed my family's righteousness three years ago. I don't want you to slap a little bit and give you some sweetness. The loyal and stupid | Force, the words you said to me and my dad three years ago, like the dog, you have a bad memory, I can clearly remember. Just say this to your old bastard, don’t Say you are now pulling me into your family, even if you now put Mu Ning Xue with a dowry and pack it in front of me and ask me to enter your family, I am not rare! Nima really thinks that all the world will surround you. The Mu's family has turned, and I am counting on my gratitude to you. In addition to the brain, I can't think of any problems you have today!"

A painful sigh, as if all the anger and grievances that Mo Fan had hidden in his heart for a few years had been spit out, and the whole process was flowing! !

The principal, director of the teaching office, the director of Deng Kai, Mu He, Mu Bai, Zhao Kun, the class teacher Xue Musheng, the eight classes of students and Muning Xue himself were all stupid.

And Mu Zhuoyun himself, that face is even more gloomy to the extreme!

"吱吱~~吱吱~~~~吱~~~~~~~~"

Angry and real, Mu Zhuoyun suddenly frozen a piece of sturdy crystal ice, the cold air is spreading in the air just like his own inner anger! !

Mu Zhuoyun is angry, really angry!

I don’t know how many years of people dare to talk to myself like this. It’s absolutely impossible to say that he is the emperor of Bocheng. The senior staff in the generation, the principal of the magic school, the top of the Magic Association, and Deng Kai of the Hunter League are all For the politeness of the guests, the juniors of the entire manor are even more mad at themselves. This Mofan wild boy and little chop is the courage to give him the courage to talk to himself! !

Gas field! !

Horrible ice field! !

Centered on Mu Zhuoyun, the playground surface of the original gravel was completely frozen into solid ice crystals in just a few seconds!

The cold breath is pleasant, the hot summer suddenly turns into a winter, and the training playground is more like a frozen ice, huge as a mirror.

This shocking picture scared the whole school student to scream! !

The playground instantly turned into ice. This Mu Zhuoyun didn't even release the magic. Just relying on the breath, it will freeze all of this, and the realm of cultivation is high.

Compared with the little ice vines before Mu Bai, Mu Zhuoyun is simply a giant, not comparable.

"Zhuo Yun, control your emotions, here is the school, there are many students who have no defensive ability." The hunter union's school director Deng Kai suddenly stood up and blocked Mu Zhuoyun and Mo Fan. between.

Deng Kai is so a block, Mu Zhuoyun's terrible power is slightly weakened, but the people around him are still shocked to breathe.

Deng Kai stood up, and the pace of Tang Yue’s teacher who was able to move freely was stopped.

Tang Yue can't allow Mu Zhuoyun to hurt his students, even if he is not necessarily the opponent of Mu Zhuoyun's ice family leader.

——————————————

(Tell everyone a good news, this time definitely not everyone)

Starting tomorrow, our "Full-time Master" will start three chapters every day! !

Updated basically ...... uh, although I say this somewhat insulted update update time, but I still have to set a sounding Updated:

Chapter 1: 12 noon

Chapter 2: 18:00 in the evening

Chapter 3: 24 pm

Also, the brothers and sisters at the starting point, I know that you have recommended more votes on your hand, and put a few more on the new book. The old book is not interesting. Give us a new book for the list, what is the explosion of the chrysanthemum, you are not the most I like to watch the fun. Hurry, put the monthly ticket in your hand... Oh, no, vote for the recommended ticket in your hand~~~~~

Oh, I feel that there is no such thing as a me in this world, and even the public chapters are so frequently asked for the author of the monthly ticket.