"Mofan, you...you have mixed things, what have you said, and immediately apologize to Mr. Mu Zhuoyun!" Muhe was furious.

This Mo Fan, in the end is stupidly hopeless or what, Mu Zhuoyun dare to do so before, the family is impatient!

"Apologize, of course, but he has to apologize to me for three years ago. Don't take the repair as high, and the power is big to pressure me. Just Zhuo Yun, this repair is also bullying. I am even 18 years old. The students who are not full, let's just say, you have to be at my age, I can beat you to find you!" Mo Fantian is not afraid of being afraid to do this show.

"Fart!" Mu Zhuoyun was really mad by this **** boy, and the words were screaming.

At the age of Mu Zhuoyun, even if he is not as talented as Muning Snow, it is a genius. He will not look at the students of this magical high school!

"Mofan, you are a big daring, don't say that when Mu Zhuoyun's father is young, now we have a core disciple at the Mu's family, and we can beat you down with one stroke!"

"Yes, yes, or even no disciples in the family, I can fight with your magic. If you lose, immediately kneel down and apologize to Mu Muzi!" Mu Bai is alive, and it is a good time to jump. Come out to Mu Zhuoyun as a dog.

He Mu Bai and Mo Fan peers, everyone fair duel, see what you have to say!

With this name, Mu Bai will fight Mo Fan to death, and he will give a bad breath to Master Mu Zhuoyun.

"Without you."

Just as Mu Bai was coming forward, a pride came out with a bit of cold voice.

Everyone looked at the man who spoke.

The person who spoke was Mu Ningxue, who could have thought that Muning Snow would stand up.

Mu Ningxue walked between his father and Mo Fan, and her pair of scorpions like the snow-capped mountains were slightly angry.

The person who is angry with her is of course Mo Fan.

"Since you said that my father would only bully the juniors, since you said that my father used his power to suppress the magician who cultivated himself by himself... Well, I am the same age as you, I am compared with you!" Muning Snow The tone is calm with a strong iceberg high snow!

"Ning Xue??" Mu Zhuoyun saw his daughter coming out, and the anger on his face turned back to horror.

Mo Fan looked at Mu Ningxue, who was face to face with him like this, but his face was hung with a lazy smile.

A little bit, Munin Snow jumped out.

To be honest, this **** fight with Mu Bai really doesn't mean anything. He has squeezed him today, but Mu Ningxue is known as the first female genius in Bocheng, and he is also the arrogant woman of the emperor. He wants to fight with her. It will be more interesting.

"Ning Xue, I will be enough to deal with this guy, I don't need you like this..." Mu Bai quickly piled up and laughed.

"My father was insulted. My father can not care much about this kind of thief. But my daughter is not going to let this person who insults my father, use the most fair magic duel. Solved!” Mu Ningxue said in a word and sentence, there is certainly no refutation in the words.

"Okay! Well said! This snow and arrogance makes us more embarrassed to be elders. It is the first genius of our Bocheng city. The young age is very talented, and it is so clear." Deng Kai, the school manager immediately praised It’s up.

After the compliment, Deng Kai’s manager also took a picture of Mu Zhuoyun’s shoulder and continued. “Zhuoyun Brothers, it’s really not necessary for you to execute this unspeakable kid. He is not self-sustaining enough to crush the year. You, naturally, you can't go back to the age of 16 to fight with him. This matter is done by your daughter, Muning Snow, so that I don't know how to be honest."

Mu Zhuoyun did not speak, just looked at Deng Kai.

Deng Kai saw that Mu Zhuoyun’s temper was still controlled. He smiled and walked to Mo Fan’s face. He said, “Mo Fan is, as the administrator of the Bocheng Hunter League, I don’t know how to be ignorant of your behavior today. It’s still stupid to describe it, but you really should apologize to Mr. Mu Zhuoyun for your reckless behavior. His contribution to Bocheng is far from what you can understand.”

"Apologize, no problem. I can carry a thorn in my back and use the most traditional gimmick to apologize to him, until he is satisfied. But the premise is that they have the ability to apologize and ask him. What did he say to my family three years ago? I apologize that I must first apologize for the things that happened three years ago. Since it is a character with a face in Bocheng, you should know that you should not provoke a small person. The small person will be one of you. Slap in the face, but before you die, you will definitely get your brain!" Mo Fan has no obscurity.

"This is a society ruled by law. How can you do this kind of thing and expel you at most?" The headmaster said with an eyebrow.

"Well, since things have come to this step, it is not as bad as it is supposed to be. According to Muning Xue, she and your magic fight, you lost, apologize to Mu Zhuoyun, apologize to his satisfaction, Munin Snow is going to lose..." Deng Kai said this, but his eyes looked at Mu Zhuoyun.

Mu Zhuoyun snorted: "How could Ningxue lose?"

"You don't waste so much, you say you dare not!" Mo Fan's words are a bit sharp!

This thing of dignity will not be more expensive because they are a big family, and it will not be because the family is violently displaced. It should be under the soles of the feet. Mo Fan is just a small person, a small person who must report!

Let him join Muhammad?

He will not forget that Mu Zhuoyun was like a dog after three years ago, and he would not forget that Mu He had let his family rush away. If Mu Zhuoyun gave a bone to himself, he would go back. I am really a dog, what is the difference between Zhao Kun and Mu Bai?

As for him?

It is normal!

Three years ago, he was only 13 years old and dared to point to Mu Zhuoyun. He is an old bastard. He will be 16 or 17 years old. Is he still afraid of him?

Once the snake was bitten for ten years, the fear of the well rope is not applicable here. Mofan dares to bite him. He must play the snake as a rope!

When you are already a cockroach in the eyes of the person, how can you run and escape the huge foot, it is better to have a good time.

"Zhuo Yun, what do you mean?" Deng Kai showed the old look.

Now, in the face of disputes and battles between the teachers and students of the whole school, if you can transfer this somewhat embarrassing situation to a fair magical duel, then of course it is the best, otherwise the student named Mo Fan will be asked. School, this is actually meaningless. It also caused the school to lose a talent. It is a good seed to win the first prize in Tianzhu Magic High School.

"I can't cure your little things!" Mu Zhuoyun glanced at Muning Snow Road. "Ning Xue, this is not for you."