Mu Ning Xue listened, and his eyebrows locked.

"My son Yu An is similar to your age, he is coming to compare with you!" Mu Zhuoyun said.

"Or..." Mu Ningxue still wants to say something.

Mu Zhuoyun did not give Mu Ningxue a lot of opportunities. He said to Deng Kai: "Deng Kai, I know that you like to take care of the juniors, but this kid is not swearing at me. You also heard it. I have already retired and let him I will try to compare with my adopted son, Ang. If you lose, let this kid give me a apology to be satisfied, win, I will pay for him, not three years ago, I Zhuo Yun really did not mind!"

Mu Bai and Mu He listened, and suddenly they had a smile on their faces.

Yu Ang, let Yu An shot!

Or Mu Zhuoyun has a city government, guessing that Muning Snow will suddenly stand up, in fact, most of them want to help this kid to excuse.

How could Mu Zhuoyun take care of Mo Fan, even if Muning Snow wanted to help him resolve it, he would never be able to swallow this breath.

Yu Ang is the cultivation madman of the entire Mu's family. Everyone mentioned that this person could not help but be chilly. If it was shot by Yu Ang, make sure that Mo Fan died bad enough!

"The Magic Association stipulates that both sides of the magic duel must be at least 18 years old. Therefore, this matter is done by my Deng Kailai to be a notary. Mo Fan and Yu Ang have a magical duel on the day of the 18th birthday!" Deng Kai said earnestly.

Mu Zhuoyun snorted and agreed.

Mo Fan nodded and said: "Let me fight with a girl, still can't get a hand, change a man, don't know him!"

Mu Zhuoyun heard that Mo Fan was still slicking his mouth, and he was even more angry with his beard.

Waiting for it, the 18-year-old magic duel, still not let you lose the individual, the dignity is lost!

The Magic Society, the Hunter League, and the Magic School are all unconditional protection magic students, but as long as they are 18 years old, adult magicians should be truly responsible for their actions.

Mu Zhuoyun does not need to have a general knowledge of a 16-year-old child. After two years, when he is an adult, he must not let him die.

......

Mu Zhuoyun has been so angry that the principal and several other leaders are naturally accompanying.

When Muning Snow left, he looked at Mo Fan meaningfully and wanted to say something and didn't know what to say.

Mo Fan knows that Muning Snow is helping himself.

It’s much easier for her to come out and solve it. It’s much lighter than that of Mu Zhuoyun’s shot. Once this level of Mu Zhuoyun’s hands, it will cause a devastating blow to Mo Fan and his family.

Unfortunately, her thoughts were met by her father Mu Zhuoyun.

Mu Zhuoyun knows that Mu Ningxue will definitely be merciless, so he directly changed one person, so that Mu's most famous cultivation madman Yu Ang came to deal with Mo Fan. Mu Yu-ang is the only one who is obedient to Mu Zhuoyun, even if Yu Yu Ang directly killed Mo Fan, and Yu Ang did not hesitate!

Mu Zhuoyun has no reason to be kind to a small thing that dares to blame himself. For the time being, he has been in school for two years. Once he graduated, he has a good-looking look. He is right with Muhammad and is impatient!

......

......

A storm finally calmed down.

The whole class looked at Mo Fan, who changed his mind in a second, and then reminiscent of his recent actions. He did not know what to say.

This Mo Fan is simply crazy!

Fighting with Mu's family, other people's magic family, big family, just pull out one that is also crushing Scorpio Magic High School...

The most straightforward, Mu Bai is so super-powerful in the natural magic high school, and in his family is just a subordinate child!

Your performance of Mo Fan today is very surprising to everyone, but the problem is that this does not mean that you have the capital to provoke the Mu's family of giants.

Hey, I could have jumped into the Dragon Gate, and there was no difference between it and the ruin.

Who doesn't know that Mucheng's Mu's family is the biggest, and they have offended Muhammad, and they can still mix in Bocheng in the future.

In the school, there is a school like this sacred place, and it is absolutely unbearable!

Being willful, why should I be so capricious, and how many people are looking forward to the opportunity, so Mofan is so capricious, and erected such a big enemy.

......

"Fan Ge, you are too handsome, we are afraid that Zhuo Yun's father is afraid of death, you are more than once in front of him to face old bastards, hahaha, in fact, many of us are in the heart of his old bastard." Zhang Xiaohou himself Personality is rather embarrassing, but it is especially admired Mofan this big brother.

Mo Fan, as the child of this city, was absolutely screaming before. Zhao Kunsan used to be mixed with Mofan. After that incident, Zhao Kun had only invested in Mu Bai? Many people dare not play with Mo Fan again. It is.

Zhang Xiaohou is the loyalty of Mo Fan, and he is responsible for what he has done.

Zhang Xiaohou knew about it three years ago. Now, seeing Mo Fan’s counter-attack without fear, he is even more admired. He has never been so discouraged in his life!

"Then you said that Muning Snow has been fascinated by me?" Mo Fan was very intoxicated and raised his eyebrows.

"Amount... This is hard to say, the old **** is her dad after all." Zhang Xiaohou said.

"Hey, I feel so good today, I will go to the cafeteria and have more omelettes." Mo Fan walked over the canteen with Zhang Xiaohou's shoulders.

"Haha, if you see the faces of Mu Bai and Zhao Kunsan, you will be happier." Zhang Xiaohou felt a bad breath spit it out.

Zhao Kun three, the dog's legs, really face was swollen, dreaming would not think that Mo Fanxiu is higher than him is not a level.

And Mu Bai, not to mention more, the first day of the world, the oldest man in the world to install X crimes, the result, it is not killed by the wise **** of the gods.

Even if this is the case, Mu Bai really liked Mu He as a son, and hoped that Mu He could help him to practice with the core children in the Mu Clan...

As a result, the old **** didn't look at him at all. Instead, he looked at Mo Fan. The most striking thing was that Mo Fan directly threw away what Mu Bai dreamed of as a garbage, and even took the old bastard. The face is playing together, refreshing, really refreshing!

I don’t understand how Mu Zhuoyun’s old **** thinks. Three years ago, the old **** should have learned Mofan’s snake and temper. Today, I’m still thinking about the solicitation of the suspicion, and the Mofan’s dog who was not directly on the routine. Bloody head.

I want to come to Mu Zhuoyun today's blood pressure is to be a lot taller!

"However, if the old **** really put the little princess with a dowry package for you to ask you to enter Muhammad, do you really refuse?" Zhang Xiaohou asked weakly.

"Of course promise!"

"I rely on you, Fan Ge, do you exercise?"

"Hey, what you said seems to make sense." Mo Fan suddenly touched his chin and thought about it.

"Do you think you have no exercise?"

"When I go, I mean, if there is a hair apology for the old bastard, it would be better to let him pack the Mu Ning snow belt dowry to me!" Mo Fan said.

——————————————————

(I asked for a ticket yesterday, it really works. We are only 400 votes away from the homepage recommendation list. ~~~~~~ All of us talk about the League of Primary School students' home base ~www.readwn.com~ Only remember the name of the author, Do you think that I am taking such a famous pen name for what? Come and continue to threaten you. You still can't remember the little rotten boy who was waiting for you to go out of school to sneak out the game currency that summer. I am now with that one. Expression, waiting for you to shout: Hurry up, hand over the recommended ticket!)