"Where, don't you do daydreaming, Yu An's goods are really a metamorphosis. Can you see the sunshine of the next day at the age of eighteen? Don't count on the little princess."

"Yong? Hey, look, I don't want him to find a place to find his teeth!"

In the past, Mo Fan would have to measure whether he could fight Muhammad. Now, even if Mo Fan is afraid of their younger generation?

The left hand fire, burning them outside a Jiao Li Nen; right hand Lei Yin, bang them open skin!

......

The final result of the annual assessment came out. When Mo Fan was listed in the first position on the big blackboard with the best results, I don’t know how many people were arrogant in their eyes.

This Mo Fan, where is the sacred, the test scores are so cattle B, overshadowed the Lei Zhao Xu and the ice family Mu Bai?

The results have already caused countless people to stunned, and Mo Fan’s public anger at Mu Zhuoyun and his decision to fight the Mu’s children under the witness of the school manager was quickly spread in the school, so it was not long before Mo Fan became famous in the school. In addition to being a legendary figure in the whole school, it is the most dead student in the history of Bocheng!

Now everyone who knows a bit knows that Scorpio Magic High School is designed for civilian magicians. There are some 1,500 students here who are quite powerful, but with some of the higher magical high schools, and those that are inherent. Compared with the solid family, it is not a level at all. Like the hunter league, the magic association, the big family, and the big family, they just walk out of a magician, and the results are enough to crush them.

The school is indeed the best choice for the grassroots to jump to the gantry, but this does not mean that you can go to the second generation of the law, the second generation of the magic!

Mo Fan is totally disregarded by the school's six-eye flying fish. In addition to meditation and practice release, it is time to eat and sleep.

It is worth mentioning that Mo Fan was assigned to the top class.

The top class has a total of 100 people. They are all in the big classroom and practice at the big training ground.

I will go to the top class and basically control the 7 stars, but I am not particularly skilled in releasing others.

Therefore, as soon as the practice class is reached, it is the top students of all departments!

The practice class is still Tang Yue, the new practice teacher is said to have surpassed any practical teacher in the whole school. Even if she came to the school for less than half a year, the practical class of the top class should be taught by her.

The head teacher of the top class is Xue Musheng.

There are two S-levels in his class. Who else is this top student class teacher besides him?

This is thanks to Mo Fan, so Xue Musheng also got a lot of attention from the school leaders. Of course, the school leader is a thousand miles, and Xue Musheng must explain the rebellious character of Mo Fan.

Xue Musheng also has a headache for this matter. He feels that Mofan is a scholar who is a scholar or a god.

......

I don’t realize that the new semester has passed another month.

Xue Musheng, the class teacher, stood in the big classroom of the top class and coughed a lot, indicating that the whole class controlled their excitement.

Why are students excited today?

Today is the day when the school distributes the Stardust Magic. Since it is a top-class student, in addition to the best teachers, there is of course an important benefit.

The great magical organizations and the magical family are so many leading civilian magicians, in addition to mastering a wealth of knowledge, know-how, experience, and more importantly, they have a stardust.

Let's just say that experience, knowledge, know-how, and teaching are all software, then the Stardust is the hardware of the lever!

Other people's big family, complete software, technology leadership, even if the civilian mage can be learned from the school, then the hardware is absolutely impossible to compare with them.

The Stardust Magic device is said to be a grade point. It can raise souls and repair, so that the practitioners can quickly relieve the fatigue caused by the meditation and continue to practice. To say that it is popular, that is, the radiator is the meditation CD. .

No way, Mo Fan is not a RMB player, he naturally has to get the training resources he needs through the school.

The competition in the school is quite large, and it is simply a big wave!

Fortunately, this time is the first place to sit firmly. The magic resources obtained from the school should not be less, and you can cultivate with peace of mind.

"We will allocate the usage time of the Stardust Magic according to your annual assessment ranking. The higher the ranking, the longer it will be able to use. Of course, our school is very user-friendly, and we will test it every quarter. Then re-ranking, the distribution of the Stardust Magic will change with the new assessment... It is worth mentioning that although you are now a top student, you have the advantage of other ordinary classes, but don’t feel After two years, you can have high political care. In the quarterly assessment, the top 10 students will be directly reduced to the regular class, and then the top ten of the regular class will go to the top class, so you have more competitive pressure!” Xue Musheng said.

This set is no different from the scientific world. Mo Fan didn't think so.

Many people don't like schools, and they don't like college entrance examinations. But there is one sentence that is right: no school, no college entrance examination, how do you fight for the rich second generation?

The resources of the school may not be worse than those of the big family. The difference is that the school is a big wave of sand.

I also applied the sentence: It is gold that can be forced to flash!

......

"Mofan, you are the first in class, you should have the most time to use the Stardust and the longest time, but between your unrespectable behavior in the annual assessment, your usage time will be one month. It becomes 10 days. This is a punishment for you!" Xue Musheng said with a serious look.

"Oh, one month becomes ten days. The cost is too great. At that time, I couldn’t hold it down. This month is enough to open up a lot of other people." Some students have already discussed it.

"If he simply bows his head and agrees to join Muhammad, he may get more!"

"Yeah, why do you have such a temper?"

Xue Musheng’s eyes stunned and made the students quiet.

"Mofan, do you have any objections to this punishment?" Xue Musheng said.

"No," Mofan replied.

The stardust magic device, Mo Fan is very much needed, the time of his cultivation itself is long, and the Stardust Magic is more effective.

However, this is a case of long-term ownership. If you hold a month or something, it will be a bit ugly for Mo Fan.

"Green tea male, I ask you a question." Mo Fan got to the side of the white table next to him, said with a serious face.

"What the **** are you calling me?" Mu Bai's temper suddenly came up.

"Yes, Mu Bai, I ask you a question."