"There is a fart and let go." Mu Bai, the whole woman, did not want to look at Mo Fan for a second, but he was strange. This Mofan has something to ask himself, this product should be incompatible with himself.

"The guy named Yu Ang, did he have a stardust weapon for three hundred and sixty-five days a year?" Mofan asked.

Mu Bai sneered a moment and said: "It turns out that he gets up to 3 to 4 months of Stardust Magic every year. Thanks to you, he has more than half a year!"

Mo Fan nodded and continued to ask, "I am so provocative old bastard, the old **** does not give the guy who is called Yu Ang all year round, is he too stingy, or is he too despise me?"

"Do you think that the Stardust Magic is a stone on the side of the road. Do you catch a lot of it? There are so many children in the whole family, and those of the Stardust are sure to take turns. In the family, there is always a person in Muning Snow. Some spirit-level stardust magic devices." Mu Bai looked at Mo Fandao.

"Spirital Stardust Demon? Is there a sub-level of this Stardust Demon?" Mofan asked a little strangely.

He only knows the role of the Stardust, but he does not know the level of the Stardust.

Mu Bai is like watching an idiot like Mo Fan.

This idiot, I don’t know anything, how to cultivate to the S level!

Mu Bai expressed his disdain for Mo Fan in order to reflect his own knowledge. He said: "The Stardust Devils are of course good and bad. The spirits that we can reach are basically of all kinds. The entire Bo City is estimated to have few pieces."

"What is the effect of the spirit level?" Mo Fan continued to ask.

"Fantastic level, probably allows the magician to increase the cultivation time by about 20% every day. The spirit level can make the magician increase the cultivation time by 40% every day." Mu Bai said.

When it comes to the spirit-level stardust magic device, Mu Bai’s whole person does not reveal a bit of fascination. For these newly-started practitioners, there is a spiritual stardust magic device that is really perfect. It is easy to surpass peers to become outstanding!

"It turned out to be like this." Mo Fan nodded and nodded.

A cooling reduction of 20% and a cooling reduction of 40%, this effect is still understand!

"Don't be too happy, you only have 10 days to practice the magic weapon. I have a whole month, and I will open you up a hundred thousand miles soon!" Mu Bai poured a cold water without accident. .

Mo Fan doesn't care too much. Every day, Mu Bai and Zhao Kunsan also lost their own worth. Their opponents are those who have unique resources in Mu's. They have to pass the customs. The man sent to yourself!

"Remember, the Stardust Magic is very precious. You must not have a little damage. And when the time is up, you must return it on time. I have already reminded you, this is not something you can do!" Xue Musheng has a very strong tone. Heavily said.

......

......

At night, the dormitory has been turned off and the entire campus is dim.

On the rooftop of the teaching building, Mo Fan sat alone on the dam and smashed the stardust magic weapon that he had just arrived.

The Stardust Magic is a small blue-colored dust stone that is packed in an invaluable box. It shows that the school attaches importance to this stardust.

The Stardust Magic is ground and has a white chain that allows the practitioner to wear it on the chest like a sinker.

"Is it effective directly when you put it on?" Mo Fan said to himself.

Half-low head, Mo Fan slowly put the stardust magic on his neck.

The chain is a bit long, so that the stardust magic weapon just falls in front of Mofan's chest.

"叮~"

Suddenly, an ethereal knocking sound came from Mofan's chest.

Mo Fan stunned, and this was reflected...

I can still wear another small pendant on my neck.

The sinker was muddy and dark, remembering that the goods were still trembled on the day of the awakening.

The Stardust Magic just happened to have touched its own muddy pendant, and it made the sound of the instrument just knocking.

In other words, what is this muddy fall?

Mo Fan actually did not study a few times to study, and he has always been convinced that this muddy pendant has changed the world.

The muddy fall is the relic of the old man in the back of the school, the old man of the old man. He was wearing this muddy fall in the hut that he was inexplicably changed in the world, or he passed through to the parallel world...

Mo Fan has been wearing this muddy pendant, and he is also a little worried about taking down the muddy fall, and everything is back to the original look... Nima is hard to learn to print and fire!

"Forget it, no matter who he is, or to hurry to practice me, this guy should not be so easy to deal with." Moreover, let the old **** pack her daughter, there is no hard power can not be done!" Everyone said to himself.

Putting down the muddy pendant, Mo Fan used his own ideas to explore the dusty weapon that had just arrived.

The idea is created after the magician's mental strength. Focusing on the mentality to lock a certain place, not only can you detect the fluctuations of the place, the magic energy fluctuations, but also the overall sense of hearing, smell, vision, and skin senses. Always strong.

"Weird, no response. Xue Musheng said, as long as the mind penetrates and leaves a spiritual mark there, the Stardust will transfer the nourishing energy to his body, so that the magician can nourish his body and mind. At the same time, relieve mental fatigue."

Mo Fan tried a few times and always felt that the Stardust Magic had no magical reaction from Xue Musheng.

Yep?

Does the muddy fall have energy spillage?

Mo Fan’s heart was amazed, and he hurriedly poured his mind into the mud.

The exploration of the mind made Mo Fan’s entire portrait fall into a hot spring. The silky warmth caused the mental exhaustion caused by his long-term cultivation to disperse little by little, and made his spiritual world a little bit clear. Comfortable.

No irritability, no anxiety, my heart has never been as calm, peaceful and comfortable as it is now!

Mo Fan has been practicing for 10 hours. In exchange for normal, he has already gone to sleep. Today, there is a soul-raising device that I want to try.

At this moment, his surging distress was eased under this nourishment, and he felt that he could continue to practice for a little while.

I have a grass.

what's the situation? ?

The stardust magic device given by the school has no effect. Instead, the muddy pendant that he has been wearing has played a similar role as the Stardust Magic.

Can you say... Is it true that this muddy pendant that has been rejected by yourself is also a stardust? ? ? ?

Mo Fan is a little excited!