No, it’s not right.

I used my mind to explore it before, and the muddy fall is a stagnant water. Why did it become a hot spring that nourishes the mind?

Also, is it clear that the Stardust Demon device given by the effective school has failed? ?

"My grass, it will not be the muddy fall of the energy of the star magic weapon given to the school!!" Mo Fan suddenly made such an amazing speculation.

Mo Fan immediately concentrated on his mind, this time he quickly explored between two pieces of magic.

really!

Mo Fan can feel that the deepest part of the Stardust Demon device given by the school still has a trace of energy, but this silk energy is shifting...

To be precise, the **** muddy pendant is like taking a straw. It is sucking the energy of the star magic weapon given by the school. If it is not early, it is estimated that even a little evidence can not be found.

"I went there, little muddy, you still have this ability, can't see it. After hiding for so long, the fox tail is finally exposed." Mo Fan grabbed the mud and smashed his mouth.

Small muddy, dead mud!

You have to pay for my Stardust Demon, you have sucked away the energy, how to cultivate Laozi...

It’s not right. The muddy pendant seems to have released energy for my nourishment. What I have to worry about is how to explain this stardust magic weapon with only one empty shell to the school!

Also, this little muddy scorpion that has been smashed by myself... looks like... looks like Nima is really a stardust monster! ! !

Mo Fan feels that his brain is not enough at all! !

This information is too explosive! ! !

Calm, calm, and calm.

I have to figure this out quickly.

Mo Fan continued to do research and found that the small muddy scorpion he carried seemed to have the function of the Stardust Magic. Mo Fan tried to let the small mud scorpion return the energy to the Stardust Magic. The Little Mud Pendant has no reaction. .

Mo Fan is a little dumbfounding.

The good thing about Tianda is: I found that the little muddy scorpion is actually a smashing monster of the cow B, and I have been doing the silly sitting in Jinshan to ask for food.

The tragedy is that the school’s stardust is abolished. There is no energy at all, and the whole pebbles can be found by the river.

The school gave 10 days to the Stardust Demon device. After 10 days, it will still be returned intact. It is impossible to tell Xue Musheng that day, and he is idle and bored to change the stardust to a muddy shape. I don’t know Xue Musheng. What is the expression on the face of the small mud?

"Mr. Tang Yue has a lot of knowledge, and she will know why." Mo Fan knows that it is useless to worry about it, or to seek help.

Teacher Tang Yue is the first person to be Mo Fan.

In the beginning of Tang Yue’s acquaintance with Mu He and Mu Bai, Mo Fan and Tang Yue established a profound trust between teachers and students.

......

"Mr. Tang Yue, have you slept?" Mo Fan called Mr. Tang Yue's phone.

"Change your pajamas just to sleep, what do you say?" The **** and feminine voice floated over, which made Mo Fan wonder why Tang Yue was wearing a translucent pajamas figure looming.

"My stardust magic device seems to have a little problem. I don't know what to do now. I can only call Tang Yue's teacher." Mo Fan pretended to be a poor student.

"Where are you?" When he heard that it was a stardust, Tang Yue seemed to be serious.

Stardust Magic is the treasure of the school, it is a big deal!

“No. 3 teaching building above the rooftop dam.”

"Okay, give me 3 minutes." Teacher Tang Yue quickly hang up the phone.

Hanging up the phone, Mo Fan is still tormenting: 3 minutes, how can Tang Yue come from the teacher's apartment, even if Zhang Xiaohou is driving the wind track, it is estimated that it will take 5 minutes, not to mention Mo Fan does not believe Tang The teacher did not change his pajamas.

Mo Fan is still thinking, suddenly there is a slight fluctuation in the entire dark roof.

This fluctuation is very weak. Mo Fan did not carefully observe that it would be ignored at the root. It is not like air fluctuations, nor is it like the energy of the elements is fluctuating, and it makes people feel a little bit stunned.

"Mofan?"

Finally, a soft voice floated out.

"Is it a teacher of Tang Yue?" Mo Fan was shocked and hurriedly looked from the dam position to the entire open-air rooftop.

Only the moonlight fell on the old roof where the water pipes were interlaced, and the shadow of half of the black clouds just separated the entire roof from a bright and dark line...

In the eyes of Mofan, a vague shadow appeared from the dark and dark boundary area. Then Mo Fan saw a Tang Yue teacher wearing a long women's knit trench coat walking from the shadow of the dark clouds to the place where the moon shines.

That feeling, like Tang Yue’s coming out of another door, I was amazed to the extreme!

"What is this ability?" Mo Fan couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

I didn’t even hear the footsteps of the corridor. How did this Tang Yue teacher suddenly go to the rooftop, and still came out directly from the shadows? ?

"What happened to your Stardust?" Tang Yue jumped up and jumped onto the dam.

The moonlight is bright and clean, shining on the proud posture of Tang Yue teacher, let Mo Fan see a wave of heart.

"I don't know, I did as Xue Musheng said, but I don't know why the energy of the Stardust suddenly disappeared, and then..."

"What happened then?"

Mo Fan was hesitant and hesitated to tell Mr. Tang Yue about his own little muddy pendant.

There are still too many strangers to the world. If you don't tell the truth, Tang Yue may not believe in yourself.

"Then, the energy is transferred to my sinker." Mo Fan pulled out the little muddy pendant.

In any case, I should be honest with the female teacher. On the one hand, it is likely to be directly seen by Tang Yue. On the other hand, it is completely impossible to explain this to the school.

I am obsessed with Mu Zhuoyun, and the school has one eye closed.

The Stardust Devil can be broken, and Muhe has enough reason to kick himself out of the Scorpio Magic High School.

"You mean... the energy that the school gave you to the Stardust Demonizer has been transferred to your own pendant??" Tang Yue’s bright eyes were wide and unbelievable.

"Yes." Mofan nodded.

"Where is this pendant, where is it?" Tang Yue's look has changed significantly.

"The ancestral," Mofan replied.

Tang Yue suddenly fell silent, and looked at Mo Fan with her bright eyes, and looked at Mo Fan's sinker.

"Do you mention this with others?" Tang Yue said to Mo Fan in a dignified manner.

Mo Fan couldn't help but look like this is a classic dialogue on TV and movies. Look around, look at the weather, the black wind is high, a student can't stand the pressure of learning magic from the roof, everything is so good. In line with the script?