"Although... not yet," Mofan replied.

Listen to the fate of life, if you judge your ability is so bad, choose Tang Yue, who feels reliable, to help answer this question yourself, that is what you should!

"You are a stardust, and this is a stardust." Finally, Teacher Tang Yue was still open.

"Well." Mo Fan listened carefully.

"But, it? The normal stardust magic weapon we have seen is different. It is a growing stardust magic weapon." Tang Yue teacher said with a sharp eye.

"Growing Stardust Devils?" Mo Fan has never heard of this concept. You have to say that the gemstones with inlays and attributes are more understandable. Online games have played so much...

"This kind of Stardust Magic can be the best in the world, because it can also be used in addition to other Stardust Demonizers. It also has the ability to grow. It can absorb the power of the other spirits in the Stardust. When you raise and absorb enough energy from other Stardust devices, it may grow into a spiritual level!" Tang Yue said very seriously to Mo Fan.

After listening to these words, Mo Fan suddenly rolled over! !

Can the stardust magic weapon grow? ? ?

A very ordinary and ordinary Stardust magic device is regarded as a treasure by the school and the family. Even the incomparable students have to take turns to use it, which is enough to show that it is precious and rare.

The spirit-level stardust magic device has twice the effect of the genus stardust magic device. Mu Bai also said that the entire Bocheng can not find a few pieces. The only known one is Muning Snow.

I don't have to guess, I know that it is the treasure of the entire Mu Family!

This little muddy scorpion has the ability to grow into that level of treasure.

This this……

Mo Fan roughly guessed that this might be a cow B thing, did not think that it cow B to this extent! ! ! !

Finished!

Finished!

Such a treasure, to be replaced by a very thoughtful person, may be jealous to kill people.

Listen to those who say that it is normal for the magicians to fight for the treasures and fight them!

I am still a little magician now, if the teacher of Tang Yue moved his heart... The news of tomorrow is really "a natural genius high school, a genius student is too stressed to jump off the roof"

"Mr. Tang Yue, such a valuable thing, I feel that I can't control a little magician, or give it to Tang Yue to conduct research..." Mo Fan is not a stupid person, and immediately said seriously.

Even though Teacher Tang Yue seems to be a very positive teacher, it is too difficult to say about human nature. Mo Fan will not be naive to think that Tang Yue is so beautiful and must not be a bad person.

"Hey~" Tang Yue was amused by Mo Fan’s words at once, laughing and showing off, glamorous and moving.

Mo Fan looked awkward and didn't know where he made Tang Yueda's beauty laugh.

"Mo Fan, you are on the day of the annual assessment, so the rhetoric of the righteous words to oppress your small family Mu Zhuoyun, I thought you are a man of iron skeleton, I just thought about whether you want to take this special Treasures are confiscated. After all, it is not something that you can control, but I didn’t think that you are so unconcerned to hand over things. It really makes the teacher change your impression of one hundred and eighty degrees.” Teacher Tang Yue smiled. Such as peach blossoms.

Mofan smirked and smiled.

This thing is worth a few dollars, and it’s important to have a small life.

骂 Mu Zhuoyun, Na Mofan knows what the consequences will be.

In this society, it can't be so naive and stupid, the scientific society is, the magic society is also.

Precocious, it is not good!

"That Tang Yue, how are you going to deal with this?" Mo Fan asked.

"Okay, I know that you are not willing to give up 10,000 in your own heart. Fortunately, you told me this, and changed to any other teacher. For the sake of their glory, they might make it to you. Unfavorable things." Tang Yue put away a smile, very serious.

Mo Fan’s eyes lit up. It seems that this time it’s right, this Tang Yue teacher is really different from the magic teachers who seem to be honest and do not know what is in the back.

"First of all, it is a growing stardust. You don't tell others... Well, I don't want to tell anyone about your cleverness. Secondly, it's not my growing stardust. Not interested, but your growth stardust magic is a bit special, it seems that you have an inexhaustible soul connection." Tang Yue teacher seriously warned Mo Fandao.

Hey, is this cargo still a bundled equipment?

Mo Fan is really a little surprised, no wonder that every time he wants to take off the little muddy pendant, there will be an inexplicable resistance.

"Finally, the growth of the magic weapon to grow, at the expense of fine and other Stardust magic, it is now just a magical stardust, despite the ability to grow the Stardust magic, can not It’s hard to say that real growth is not enough, or the resources that need to be spent are bigger than a spiritual dust monster. Then your ancestral home treasure is no different from the waste device,” Tang Yue said.

Mo Fan nodded his head and thought about it: "What is the teacher of Tang Yue?"

"The moment the demon dies, the soul will be separated. This invisible soul is actually the soul after death. If the demon dies, the soul stays in its body for a while, and emits a special soul light. Then this kind of post-mortem soul is dozens of times more refined than the ordinary soul, called the soul. The essence of this thing is the most important material for refining the stardust magic device." Tang Yue is not a teacher, that fluent and calm answer to Mo Everyone almost had the urge to copy notes.

"That is, I want to let it grow up, the best way is to collect fine products... Daisy, I have to quickly improve the strength, to kill more demons, collect fine!" Mo Fan said with enthusiasm .

"Yeah." Tang Yue nodded, and then said in an understatement, "Although to collect it, remember to send me a WeChat position before death, I will go to the demon's belly to recover your cheekbones and this growth weapon."

Mo Fan’s mouth was pumping, and he didn’t know what to say.

"Give me the school's Stardust Demon device that you have scrapped. I will help you settle this matter. This is what I personally help you, just when you owe me a favor." Anyone joking, seriously said.

"That is too grateful to Teacher Tang Yue, what is useful in the future, despite the instructions!" Mo Fan said.

Sure enough, the teacher Tang Yue was not wrong, and she had the most headache and headache. She helped solve it herself.

It won't be expelled from the school, and... and the little muddy scorpion gets the power of the Stardust, meaning that you can hold it forever!

This is sour!

Others Mu Bai, Xu Zhaoxuan and others also use the moon magic weapon for a maximum of one month, including the one that wants to fight with themselves. It is also half a year, and he is using it all year round. Street! ! ! !

Can't help but like a little muddy fall!