"I guess you will not be able to collect the fines after you have tasted the benefits of this Stardust Demon. Just after you have finished this quarter, you will take you outside the city. After two months of experience, when you see the real demon, you will completely dispel this thought." Tang Yue said.

"Experience??" Mo Fan has not heard of this, is it the legendary high school military training?

"Every magician needs to go through this day. Training a magician is not to be pampered, nor to make you compete with each other, but to fight against the demon at a critical time. Experience is a major test of your students' minds." Teacher Tang Yue said.

"I will take it seriously."

“No,” Tang Yue said. “The experience is not a so-called assessment. I only hope that you and other students will be able to calm down when they encounter the situation and think about how they can survive.” Tang Yue said meaningfully.

After Tang Yue’s words, he turned and left. Mo Fan also wanted to ask one when he found out that Tang Yue’s bumpy body slowly blended into the place where the moon could not shine, and then he found it again. Less than the trace of Tang Yue.

Mo Fan was really looking at this time.

She really fits into the darkness like that, and the whole person disappears completely, just like never before.

Mo Fan hurriedly jumped out of the dam and poked his head from the railing of the rooftop.

What surprised Mo Fan’s heart was that Tang Yue, who was still on the roof of the 8th floor high-rise building, was already below. He was walking towards the teacher’s apartment with a gentle pace. The dark moonlight stretched her back. It looks like an arrogant night elf.

As Tang Yue was buried in the shadow of the shadow of the tree, the teacher Tang Yue, who was originally in the sight of Mo Fan, disappeared suddenly. The mysterious woman could no longer be found in the night of the fascinating night. teacher.

What is this skill?

Among all the departments that Mo Fan knows, only the wind system can use the wind track to move quickly. This is very remarkable in Mo Fan's opinion, but Tang Yue does not know what magic is being displayed. It seems that he can break into the shadow. Go through the fast.

It’s so cool that I have no friends. When can I learn?

Having said that, this Tang Yue teacher seems to be not very general.

I heard that it is necessary to go to the middle level of the magician to awaken the second department, which means that Tang Yue is at least a middle-level magician.

It is no wonder that so many experienced teachers in the school have been brushed down by Tang Yue, and an intermediate magician has been in the top level in many eyes!

It seems that Teacher Tang Yue is a very thick thigh... I have to hug it!

......

......

"Is it heard that this season is over, we are going to start the Master."

"What is the Master's experience?"

"Just go to the wild."

"No, I have heard of the demon in the wild, the kind of eating people, I can't go."

"If you can't do it, this experience is related to our examination of the university, which is equivalent to a very important subject."

"A savvy, awkward, we are a magician, even if it encounters a demon, it is also an ice vine that freezes him into an ice sculpture."

"But, I heard that the demon is very powerful. The teacher of the demon class has not always stressed that we must not face the demon alone."

As Tang Yue said, after the end of this cultivation season, it will immediately greet a cruel field experience, and if there is no accident, it will encounter a real demon.

The demon class has always been there. The teacher said in the ears of the demon that the thing has not been known for many years. However, the students have never seen the real demon, even if they sneak up on the Internet to see some demons. There is no difference in the United States Godzilla blockbuster.

This time, the students finally have to see the real demon. After the news is released, it can be said that the whole school is talking about this matter.

The experience will begin with the top class.

The top class basically mastered seven stars after the end of the annual assessment. Now it has been over half a year, and everyone should be able to master their own skills.

Only students who master the magic skills, the school dare to let them go to experience, ordinary people encounter the demon is not a little back.

......

Time passed quickly, and Mo Fan, with his own little muddy ring, had already cultivated his own lightning star and fire stardust to the extent of five or six times.

Whether it is lightning or fire, he can be released very skillfully.

Since the fire can be blatantly trained at school, now Mo Fan will release the fire more quickly, and the entire release can be completed by about 3. In the case of Leiyin, it takes about 4 seconds.

Now, it takes about 5 to 10 seconds for the entire top class to successfully release a magical skill. All of them are absolutely leading in releasing this aspect.

The top class has a total of 100 people and will be divided into 5 groups of about 20 students.

Will be followed by the teacher, and there will be two instructors leading the team.

Each group has its own big bus, so five school buses carry a group of young magicians out of the city.

This route is also roughly fixed, and will go to Xuefeng Mountain Station.

Xuefeng Mountain Station is an important small village that the hunters of the Hunter League contact with Bocheng materials. The whole Xiaozhai is built in the valley.

“Have you remembered that I told you that the stations around each city are the boundaries of the safe area, and the areas outside the station are all places where the demon may be infested, so before you have enough power to deal with the demon, Go out of the station, and you will have a bunch of bones!" said Zhang Jianguo, the teacher of the demon class.

"Yes, in the area within the station, our Hunter League, Magic Association and other great magical families will send people to patrol every day, and arrange warnings. Never let any demon step into our human habitation area, but The strength of our magician is also limited. The area that can be protected is only within the boundary of the station. We can't do anything outside the station. After all, the terrain of forests, valleys, wild forests and mountains is complicated, even if we have powerful magicians. It may not be possible to eradicate all the demons hiding in the caves and underground." Luo Yunbo, the captain of the three groups of hunters.

Luo Yunbo is a dark-skinned and handsome man. The little girls in the group saw the Luo Yunbo captain all eyes shining and shining, just like the little girls worshiped the handsome instructors in military training. And obsessed.

Luo Yunbo is the instructor of the team.

The associate instructor is a woman named Pan Lijun, who belongs to the type of skin that is very dark and is still very different from the girl magicians who are still on campus.