......

Sitting on the bus, passing through a large area of ​​wasteland outside the city, soon there will be a mountain forest in everyone's sight.

The forest is very green and deep. It is surrounded by lush vegetation and weeds. The mountains are scattered and the clouds are dense.

"I saw it. The lonely mountain is Xuefeng Mountain. It is also the boundary point of our Bocheng. The Xuefeng Mountain Station is in the valley between Xuefeng Mountain and the thunderstorm screen." Luo Yunbo began to introduce the students. .

"Our Bocheng is still a small city. If it is a first-tier city such as the Great Devils, the Great Emperor, and the Great Demon, their borders on the border can not be called the station, Xiaozhai." The hair is only long on the index finger. Fu Li instructor Pan Lijun said.

"In other words, since you are dealing with the demon often, then you must be a middle-level mage?" Wang Sanfa asked.

“Intermediate?” Pan Lijun glanced at Wang San’s fat and whispered cold words. “How can the middle class mages come to bring you this group of little kids.”

Wang Sanpeng was not happy when he heard this sentence. He said: "So you are only the first-level Masters, and there is nothing to be embarrassed."

Wang Sanpeng is a typical mouth without a cover. After these words are spoken, the two instructors smiled at each other and apparently felt that Wang Sanfa was too naive.

......

The bus drove all the way into the mountains and it took a long time.

For most of the day, Mofan was not idle, and he kept the meditation at the end of the bus.

He has a relationship with the bus, and the last seven stars of the mine were completed on the bus.

This time, Mo Fan feels that his fire system seems to have touched something.

The small mud smash is equivalent to a stardust magic device, which makes Mofan's cultivation time greatly improved. The annual assessment has now passed a year. Mo Fan found that in addition to the stardust, he became Beyond the hugeness, it seems that there are some obvious changes in the stars in the fire stardust.

It used to be said that the brilliance of these stars is a time when it is dark, and now these stars are very stable light.

It is said that once the stars have undergone obvious brilliance, the magic energy that can be transmitted will become larger, and the effect and power of the skills will also increase!

I spent a whole year of high school to improve this.

I don't know what power the stronger level of fire will have, I really look forward to it!

......

The Xuefeng Mountain Station finally arrived.

Said to be Xiaozhai, here is not a simple village or something. 驿 Station Xiaozhai on both sides rely on the steep cliffs, the cliffs are hundreds of meters high, only to fully look up to see the sky.

The cliffs on both sides form a natural barrier, and the front and back of this valley road are locked by the gates of the two megaliths. The whole station is a small fortress town stuck in the valley.

"This is the Xuefeng Mountain Xiaozhai. It is said that in addition to those flying demons or high-level demons with strong climbing ability, this snow-capped mountain fortress town is enough to block most of the obstacles outside the security world, and since With the Xuefeng Mountain Station, we have not heard the horrific reports of the demon in the Anjie for several years.” Zhang Jianguo walked out of the bus and saw the huge guardian stone door unsuccessful.

"Teacher, I heard that this guardian stone gate was made by Zhang Yuheng, a famous earth magician and construction engineer in Bocheng. The magic below the middle level can't shake it?" Zhou Min, a female scholar, asked very eager to learn.

"Yes, Shimen looks a bit old. In fact, its solidity is not inferior to steel." Zhang Jianguo walked in front and held a three-group flag in his hand, just like a tour guide was visiting with a group of students. The ancient city is general.

Not long after, the other four groups of buses arrived one after another, and the top students of the 100 Scorpio Magic High Schools were all under the burly stone gate.

There are sentry posts on both sides of the stone gate. One of the unarmed military mages is playing leisurely with a cluster of flames between the palms. The little flame is like a small pet obedient, fluttering at the tip of his finger, from time to time. Flying around him, it looks elegant and wonderful.

Mo Fan noticed this, and his heart was secretly surprised.

From the other side, this small skill of playing with fire is obviously much more familiar than himself. I don’t know if the uniformed army brother’s firepower will be stronger.

"Hey, hollow boss, how come here today to be on duty?" Luo Yunbo looked up, smiled and said the fire master who is playing the flame.

"I have nothing to do, I heard that I will enter a group of high school girls today, and I will take a look at it." The man who said that he was short-selling did not hide his own nature, and said with a smile.

Zhou Min, who was on the side, wrinkled a small brow, because she already felt that the mage called the hollow was staring at herself.

"So handsome."

"Yeah, yes, it’s not like the little kids in our school, it’s masculine."

"And he is especially honest."

A few idiots in the class couldn’t hold it anymore, and there was awkwardness.

"Little sister, don't frown on our hollow boss. He is a rare strongman here." Pan Lijun, the female vice captain who does not seem to love the students, said that the words also showed the retention. The sacred worship of the little scum.

"Hairing, I have heard that it is not the fire mage with the highest number of demon monsters at the Xuefeng Mountain Station!" Zhang Jianguo immediately looked up and looked up, "Long-term, long-awaited."

"Don't you kill a few demons, you can't afford it." Wang San fat said.

"I really didn't have a great deal. At first, Deng Kai let your group of students come here to train. I refused..." Hu Shishuo said in a hollow.

"After a year ago, the warning time has passed. There will be nothing wrong with it. It is a magician. After all, it is necessary to have this experience. It is impossible to delay the training because of the alert one year ago." Zhang Jianguo said.

"I don't care. It's just to let the students don't go around. I don't think that the little girl who is like this skinny and tender meat is eaten by the one-eyed wolf." He said with a smile.

Zhang Jianguo smiled.

Others are real masters, even if they are a teacher, there is no way for him to be a teacher.

A year ago, the alert?

This matter has been mentioned by Xiaofan Mo Qing, but most of the time in the school ivory tower, there are very few terrible things that can be known outside.