"Hello, I am the general instructor of your experience - hollowing out. You should be a very lucky one, because you are the first experienced student since I took office here." The chief instructor said empty-handed.

The students stood there and no one dared to speak.

In the past, I was in contact with the teachers. The teacher’s knowledge is very rich, but the knowledge that is taught to everyone is always knowledge. However, the military mages have their own breath and the scent of the demon, so that they have not seen any students in this world. I don’t dare to make it, even if the chief instructor called the hollow is still full of gentleness.

"Reassure, since you are the first student of my experience, I will give you a preferential treatment in order to enable you to successfully pass this experience to your college entrance examination!" said the voice loudly.

If the assessment is not qualified, or if the assessment is low, the impact on their performance will be too great. Perhaps the fate of a lifetime may be greatly changed due to this evaluation.

"I know that you are the best juvenile mages in our city, and I believe that you have enough strength to deal with this experience... So, this big experience is very, very simple." The chief instructor has no humans and animals. The smile laughed.

Luo Yunbo and Pan Lijun both frowned at this time. Every time their heads showed this smile, most of them didn't have a good thing!

"I just received a reward here. The difficulty is the lowest in our reward list. You have a total of 100 magical calendars in your school. So, as long as you have any one of the 100 students or any one of them. The person has completed this reward, and your evaluation will pass through and get A.” said the hollow.

The hollow voice just fell, the whole Xiaozhai was commotion! !

The first turbulent nature is the one hundred students who have been here.

After learning this, they have heard many of the seniors and schoolmates. They all said that as long as they are mixed in this station, they can basically pass through the instructors. If they are outstanding, they will get a B. If you have an A, there is no problem.

Have never heard of any rewards to complete? ?

Rewarding this thing is not a special task that only the adult magician team will pick up for high pay! !

Outside the square, the hunters who have been in the station for a long time are not sure! !

What is Nima?

Let this class complete the reward mission? ? ?

Neuropathy, those rewarding tasks may not be completed by their mature team of hunting wizards. Can these stubborn students complete a yarn? ? ?

"So, if we can't complete the reward?" asked Xu Zhaozhen, who was standing in front of the comparison.

"That's all unqualified." The emptiness replied.

In this case, all the students and teachers are unable to calm down.

"The chief instructor, you might as well judge us all unqualified!" At this time, Zhou Minren, the squad leader of the top class, stood up unbearable.

"Yeah, what is the difference between this and the direct judgment of all our failures!!"

The expressions on the faces of Zhang Jianguo, Xue Musheng, Tang Yue, Chen Weiliang and so on can't be hanged.

What is the situation, isn't it good to have already managed this place? Why is this general instructor not doing the same way?

Reward, is this something that students can do? ?

"What's wrong with you, you are looking for your school director Deng Kai. Anyway, it is not an easy task to get a high score from me. Since Scorpio Magic High School is the best public high school in Bocheng, You shouldn't bring a bunch of waste to experience here, and it's better to go back to school to watch some magic books, and use the magic that the fart doesn't have to use a puppet. It's not necessary to go to this crisis station!" The voice suddenly became heavier, and just a smiley face instantly turned into a fierce and sinister guy.

Bring a bunch of waste to experience? ?

These words can be described as awkward to the hearts of all students!

"The chief instructor, this assessment is too strong for you. As far as I know, any reward that generally needs to be honed in the wild for three to five years can be successfully completed..." Zhang Jianguo said with a lack of confidence.

"You have a hundred people. If you can't even complete a reward, you can only say that the hundred wastes that you have taught me by this group of teachers are too disappointing. I am also a top student." The chief instructor said that he was unceremonious. .

When Zhang Jianguo heard this, his face was blue and white.

This general instructor has a problem with his mind. He does not say a task that cannot be completed. He also smashed the teachers and students of the Scorpio Magic High School.

"Of course? The team and individuals who have completed the reward, I will personally give the reward, this award is a defensive magic." The voice raised the voice and continued.

When it comes to defensive magic, the old hunters outside the square are all excited!

"My grass, reward defense magic?"

"Small boss, don't, this opportunity is for us, we promise to properly complete the task."

"Yeah, we are in need of a defensive magic weapon. This life-saving thing must be given to us anyway."

"Let us compete fairly with this group of students, we also want magic tools!"

For a time, the hunters who were watching the outside of the square all shouted.

Magic tools! !

A magic gear is a device that is connected to the soul and can quickly transform the real object to help fight by stimulating the mind.

Like the two gangsters selling the magic gear, that is, after putting on the urging, their speed will be greatly improved. If you encounter a monster that is completely hostile, this saga is life-saving.

And in the course of the battle, the speed of their own will also greatly enhance the combat power of the Master.

Defensive magic gear, it can be directly transformed into shields, special equipment inside the armor, at the critical time to resist the attack of magic and demons, is also a life support equipment.

Although the value of the magic gear is not as high as the stardust, but for the hunters who are often born and died in the wild, it is really a life-saving artifact. What can be more valuable than life?

"Mom, big, ah, as far as I know, a very common defensive magic value is worth hundreds of thousands!"

"It's no wonder that the hunters are crazy, so the value-throwing things are actually given as rewards to these unspoken students."

"The question is, can those students get it?"

"As it is, the rewards are basically difficult. Old Hunting Masters may be life-threatening at all times."

Mo Fan is still a bit strange to the magical thing, but if the magical thing is directly converted into RMB, then he will understand too!

The most common magic tools have to be hundreds of thousands of dollars. Mom, I have never seen so much money in my life!