......

Awakening is carried out simultaneously in 20 classes.

Mo Fan is No. 48, he will be the last one in the class to accept the awakening gift.

The class teacher, who is the magician of everyone, Xue Musheng is already at the forefront of the class. The awakening will be in the public. The students have to go to the front stage when they are called, and put their hands in front of the magician. That awakening stone, quiet induction.

"I said, if you walk in the back door, you won't wake up. I heard that some people who are really incompetent will experience awakening failure. If you feel like slag, don't waste the energy of expensive awakening stone. "On another team, a Mo Fan's old classmate Zhao Kunsan said.

Zhao Kunsan is Mu Bai’s dog leg. Mu Bai feels that it is self-destructive to find Mo Fan’s trouble, so most of them will let Zhao Kun three shoot.

Zhao Kunsan said that the awakening failed. In fact, Mo Fan is also very worried about this. Strictly speaking, he is... well, count it through, if the physique is different from the people here, then this joke will be big!

"Mofan, ignore this ****, and so on, awaken a fire system to show him, let him know what is the dog's eye to see people low!" and Mo Fan said in the same class of mud monkey Zhang Hou.

Mo Fan did not speak, but before he used to use his own **** without a heavy eloquence to smother this Zhao Kun three dog legs, today did not have that mood. On the one hand, it is really very nervous. On the other hand, I don’t know why the black pendant worn on my neck has been making strange vibrations.

This black pendant is the relic of the old man who was the defender of the junior high school. Mo Fan is very skeptical that the culprit of this world's great change is this cargo. Mofan was wearing this pendant to sleep in the back of the school.

This morning, this broken pendant is just like the evil spirits. It keeps trembled, and his own hands are shaking and shaking.

Mom, you shake your hair and shake, you can make a pendant with a pendant!

"Mu Bai!" Xue Musheng, the class teacher, shouted.

"Yeah, he is Mu Bai, he looks so handsome, his score is still the first."

"Yes, yes, I saw him early this morning. I like it very much. I don't know what he will wake up. Is it not the pre-existing waste system of the water system and the light system?"

When Mu Bai stood up, he immediately heard several girls in the class there, and at the same time attracted some other classes to spend some time there.

Mu Baiyi did not care about it, but his eyes were very enjoyable. He went to the class teacher with a humble and confident face. He smiled.

"Mu Bai, is the famous ice family Muh's family?" Xue Xuesheng, the class teacher, asked with a smile.

"Exactly."

"Well, if you are awakened by the ice system, you should be superior to others, but don't forget to work harder, talent can't decide everything after all," said Xue Musheng, the class teacher.

Mu Bai nodded, but his heart secretly said: Yes, talent can't decide everything, but without talent and family, you will live forever at the bottom of society!

Under the permission of the class teacher, Mu Bai slowly placed his hands on the suspended awakening stone.

The awakening stone presents a thick star-shaped compass with a clear palm print. Mu Bai seems to be calm and hearty but nervous and restlessly put his hand on the awakening stone...

With his bloodline, the possibility of awakening the ice system is the greatest, but there may be some special circumstances. If you wake up to Lingshui or Shengguang, it is estimated that Mujia will not pay attention to him any more. After all, they don’t It may be a waste of money to find resources for the corresponding attributes.

Put your right hand on...

The awakening stone suddenly burst into the glory of the stars, and these brilliances became a star mark that climbed to the right hand of Mu Bai like a special blood vessel.

Everyone was the first time to witness the awakening, and the students looked at Mu Bai one by one.

Mu Bai stood there motionless, was slammed in the top, and his head raised slightly...

"Oh, oh, oh oh ~~~~"

Suddenly, around the stone, a frosty scent lingers there.

These frosts are getting stronger and stronger, and it is slowly freezing the edge of the Awakening Stone and forming a small frost!

"The ice is really ice cold!"

Suddenly, someone yelled behind him, accompanied by screams from some girls.

Mu Bai has heard the sound, and opened his eyes in the joy!

Sure enough, it is the ice system, and it has the origin of the Mu family. It is easier for him to be accepted by the Mu family. The day of the flight is not far away, and the small social **** of Mo Fan is not like an ant. Oh, no, I am awakened by the ice system. I count myself as a disciple of the Mu's family. I still need to have a general knowledge of this little one.

The vision is high, well, and your vision is high. If you say bad, there is still a chance to practice with Muning Snow!

"Very good, it is a very pure ice system. I think there should be an ice-based stardust in your spiritual world. Do more cultivation and let it grow stronger!" Xue Musheng, the head of the class, was full of praise.

The ability to freeze the awakening stone when awakening shows that this ice-cold force surpasses ordinary people, and it is a very talented ice apprentice. This child should be promising in the future!

"Next, Qiu Yueying!"

The class teacher’s voice just fell, and a girl with a few British faces came out.

"Well, the soil system, your stardust started well, it seems that it is inseparable from your previous efforts!"

"Next, Xu Qinglin!"

"It's also the ice system."

At this time, Mo Fan deliberately picked up his feet and went to see. He found that the same is the awakening of the ice system. The guy named Xu Qinglin only showed a faint frost and fog when he was awakened, and did not let the awakening stone freeze into ice.

It can be seen that the same ice system, Xu Qinglin, whether it is talent or cultivation, must be much lower.

"Next, Lu Xiaobin."

"Well, the water system!"

"Oh, my God, how can I be a water system, I should be a fire system!" The classmate named Lu Xiaobin screamed, and the square was more than 100 meters.

"Don't be discouraged, the same is true for cultivation. As long as you can reach the level of the middle magician, you will gain more advantages." Xue Musheng took a bit of sympathy in his eyes, but said with a soothing tone.

Lu Xiaobin has no other way, only to return to his position.

In fact, the awakening at the beginning is very important. If it is a fire system, it has a certain combat power at the level of the first-level Master. It is estimated that it can take up a lot of cheapness in later practice.

If the water system is used, the first-order water system skill is - water, and the defense effect is not strong. If it is not refined, the effect is not very obvious, at least in the first-level magician.