......

......

Ten days later

Under the lush forest, the mountain road is winding, and a group of 20 students wearing Scorpio Magic High School uniforms are standing on a cliff...

No matter how they complain, how they are dissatisfied, they are embarking on the road of reward and experience.

In a blink of an eye, it took a full ten days.

During these ten days, they smashed the thorns, smashed the stars, and walked through the mountains and through the jungle.

"The **** chief instructor, the truth cursed him, and sent us to this ghost place." Wang Sanfu panted and sat down on the ground, fanning the wind with a hat.

"Yeah, what kind of wind is drawn. It is said that this 30-kilometer has not arrived for so long, we are the tenth day?" said Zhang Shuhua of the giraffe neck.

"30 kilometers is a straight line distance. We have to climb the mountain, go through the valley, and go around the peak. This distance is more than 30 kilometers." Zhang Xiaohou said.

The group that Mo Fan is in is a total of 20 people. This time, the task is all completed by the students themselves. There is no teacher to lead the team, and there is no instructor to follow. Only a map is given for everyone to find.

These days, over the mountains, everyone is like a primitive person, gray face, sweating!

"Through this valley, it should not be far from the paradise that the chief instructor said." Zhou Min, the monitor, said with a map.

"I rely on, how did the river valley pass, fly over, and the 歹 is also 10 meters wide!" Wang San fat first called.

At this time, it is a cliff and valley in front of everyone!

The opposite cliff is in front of you, but the impetuous valley below it is horrifying, and the roar of the river hitting the reefs is clearly heard!

"What to do, it can't be abandoned halfway."

"Or, let's go home, anyway, there are other groups, maybe they are likely to finish it..." said the giraffe neck Zhang Shuhua.

"You, this person, good bones, how to count on others!" Zhou Min immediately reprimanded.

"Then you said that we can do it, we can not cross this cliff valley." Zhang Shuhua complained.

"Right, Zhang Yingwei, are you not a mage of the wind system? Can you try to jump over?" At this time, Xu Zhaozhen glanced at a girl next to a ponytail.

The girl named Zhang Yingwei’s little face suddenly whitened, and she said: “No... no, I don’t jump, what should I do if I fall?”

"We have ropes. There are trees on both sides of the cliff. As long as someone can jump directly to the cliff opposite the river valley and tie the rope to the opposite tree, all of us can climb the rope." Zhou Min’s eyes lit up. Said.

"Zhang Yingwei, don't you want to get A? You are tied with a rope and jumped. Even if we didn't jump, we can pull it. It is nothing more than a bungee jumping." Xu Zhaoxuan continued.

"I don't want!!" Zhang Yingxi is obviously a timid girl.

"I rely on you, a wind master, you don't stand up when you need it, then you still do a magician." Another water system girl also said.

"It's still hard to be strong," said Zhou Min.

When everyone did not know how to be good, Mo Fan looked at Zhang Xiaohou next to him.

Zhang Xiaohou is not very prominent in the top class, so everyone habitually pinned their hopes on Zhang Yingjun, who has the best performance in the wind department. Zhang Yingxi is a girl, and dare to do this kind of thing that may be life-threatening.

"Monkey, dare?" Mofan asked.

"What is not dare!" Zhang Xiaohou patted his chest.

"it is good!"

Zhang Xiaohou stood up and said to Zhou Min, Xu Zhaoxuan, Zhang Shuhua and other class cadres: "Bundle the rope on me, let me come."

Both Zhang Shuhua and Xu Zhaoyu showed their suspicion. They looked up and down Zhang Xiaohou, who was particularly eye-catching in the top class.

However, it is better to stand up than to do it there.

Zhou Min’s action was still very good, and he quickly tied one end of the rope to Zhang Xiaohou’s waist.

"Almost let go, let go, give Zhang Xiaohou a run."

Others immediately gave Zhang Xiaohou a thumbs up. Many people stood on the edge of the cliff and the whole wind shook with the wind. Who has the courage to jump!

"Monkey, although rest assured, I will pull you up without jumping." Mo Fan tied the other end of the rope to the trunk on this side, and he firmly grasped the rope with both hands!

Zhang Xiaohou Chong Mo Fan smiled thickly.

Taking a deep breath, Zhang Xiaohou has slowly closed his eyes, I do not know whether it is connecting the star track or giving himself courage!

Suddenly, Zhang Xiaohou opened his eyes? The blue radiance was shot in the pupils.

An inexplicable gust of wind rolled around Zhang Xiaohou!

Under the control of Zhang Xiaohou's mind, the wind was turned into a trajectory of wind from the half-hill to the edge of the cliff.

This trajectory is invisible, but the dust that is raised allows everyone to clearly see it as a special passage of the wind!

"The wind track? I am sick!"

Zhang Xiaohou shouted, and the trajectory of the lingering stars of the whole body reached the most shining level.

"嗖~"

A gust of wind, the clothes are rustling!

Zhang Xiaohou's physicalization for a vague shadow quickly passed through the trajectory of the wind he created, and he ran in the wind track. Zhang Xiaohou's speed is getting faster and faster, faster and faster!

The hillside was not a resistance to Zhang Xiaohou. Zhang Xiaohou straddles the weeds at the foot of the squadron like a water wave, and rushes to the edge of the cliff!

"Jump, jump!!"

Xu Zhaoxuan, Zhou Min, and Zhang Shuhua all stared at Zhang Xiaohou, and the girl who did not dare to jump, Zhang Yingxi, even widened her eyes!

Zhang Xiaohou went to the edge of the cliff, and his right foot slammed into a rock on the edge of the cliff while the body jumped up!

"Ah 噢噢噢噢~~~~~~~~~~"

In the air, Zhang Xiaohou greeted the whistling wind above the valley, and his face was blown slightly.

His body crossed an arc between the cliff and the cliff, and approached another cliff a little.

At this time, Mo Fan fiercely gripped the rope. Once Zhang Xiaohou had a long jump, he had to hold him, otherwise he might hit some rocks under the cliff!

The remaining 19 people all looked up and looked at Zhang Xiaohou, who was flying over the cliff, and his heart was completely suspended.

Finally, Zhang Xiaohou slipped.

He stepped on the edge of the other cliff with his feet, and the body steadily rolled forward.

"Hey!!"

In the end, he continued to roll and slammed into the big tree on the opposite side of the cliff, and saw everyone on the other side of the cliff.

Just as a cross-eyed man, he immediately turned around and opened a thick smile to the other 19 people on the other side of the cliff. It looked very funny.

Although the appearance is funny, but Zhang Xiaohou's image suddenly rose a few points in front of the classmates.

Among the 20 people, there are about 4 wind systems. The only one who dares to jump is Zhang Xiaohou.

At this time, how can other good winds perform well?

"Monkey, good!!" Mofan first cried.

Zhou Min, Zhang Shuhua, Wang Sanpeng and others also greeted Zhang Xiaohou with a thumbs up.

"We are in the past!" Xu Zhaoyu first climbed the rope.

The remaining 19 people, successfully climbed the cliff of this valley, can be regarded as the first test of this experience, because they arrived at the destination Baicao Valley!