......

......

Three groups of 20 people just passed through the river valley. In the forest under the cliff, a man wearing a straw hat jumped from the tree and held a scoreboard in his hand!

After the person registered, he quickly left the forest and walked toward an empty meadow.

“The three groups all passed, and the wind student named Zhang Xiaohou performed very well.” The man wearing a straw hat went to a tent and said to the man in the tent.

If the students are here, they will be surprised to find that their practical class teachers and those instructors are basically here. They are sitting comfortably on the grass, eating snacks and drinking small wine.

"Oh?" The chief instructor raised his eyebrows.

In the impression of hollowing out, it seems that there is no such name as Zhang Xiaohou in the higher-level students.

Oh, it’s normal. It’s just the foundation for repairing this thing. The true master can still rely on the brain and the guts!

"Remember the name, you can give a high score." The chief instructor said to the next instructor Pan Lijun.

Pan Lijun nodded and quickly recorded the name of Zhang Xiaohou.

"Haha, or you will station the soldiers will play." Zhang Jianguo said hahaha.

"Yeah, first throw these students directly into the mountains, and put aside that there will be no rescue and help, then follow them secretly, and according to each student in the process of completing this task, write down the better. Give them a score... This is no better!" Chen Weiliang also laughed.

"Well, compared to the previous mixed days, this obviously better reflects the psychological quality of each student." Tang Yue also nodded.

The one hundred students who were turned into wastes knew that their teachers and instructors had partnered to give them a pit, and they didn’t know what the face was.

It is certainly impossible for teachers and instructors to ignore this group of students. It is true that the things they are learning now are not yet capable of surviving in the wild. They can not create a real environment for them and they will not achieve results. So the best way is to surface. Treat them cruelly, follow them secretly, and have big surprises, they can immediately shoot.

"The short-selling boss, I was almost cheated by you. I thought that you really want to be so unrequited, not let a student pass this experience." Associate Instructor Pan Lijun said.

"This is the wrong thing. Those who have no effect in the experience, I will not let it pass." The hollow is very straightforward.

"This...but no one can complete this reward."

"Yeah, I think they can pass through the area of ​​the demon vines very much," Chen Weiliang said.

"There is no one who can really complete the reward. Of course, they are not. They are not necessarily able to complete the instructors here." He said with a smile.

"The instructors are not necessarily finished?? What do you mean??" Zhang Jianguo asked inexplicably.

"This is the case. Since we have used the one-eyed demon wolf nest as the destination for the students' trials, we must ensure that there is a one-eyed demon wolf with no residuals, so we also sent a summoning mage. There is guarding. The wizard of the summoning system is actually the last test of all the students. There is no demon in the nest, but there is a summoned beast..." Luo Yunbo said with a smile.

When the teachers of the group heard it, they blinked one by one.

Chen Weiliang, the director of the teaching, just clap his hands and call it up! !

"Miao, it’s wonderful, this trick is really wonderful!!"

Xue Musheng is also a nod of madness: "Yes, of course, we can't let this group of students face the real demon, and the casualties are heavy. But the experience is to exercise the calmness of each student in dealing with the demon, not facing the demon. Without the effect of the experience, it is really appropriate to send a summoning mage to let his summoned beast play the demon, that is, to achieve the effect of letting the students see the real demon, and to protect their safety!"

"I am so grateful to the hollow boss, come up with such a perfect experience, I believe that this time students will certainly gain a lot!" Xue Musheng said with a smile.

"It should be."

"In other words, there should be only one summoned beast. If those students are more fierce than we imagined, jointly defeat the summoned beast?" Tang Yue could not help but ask.

"Hey~Tang Yue, you think so much... We have been teaching in Tianzhu Magic High School for twenty years. I have never heard of a few students who can completely release the magic when they first face the demon. To take a step back, even if some of them can release the magic completely, these students are only level 1 skills, and it is impossible to hurt the bones of summoning." Zhang Jianguo said with a ticket.

"Yeah, in all the elements, the most powerful ones are the fire system and the thunder. The only thing that can be a little deterrent to the summoning beast is the Thundering Xu Zhaozhen, and the fire is burning. Point the flesh." Chen Weiliang said with a smile.

The teachers and the instructors laughed.

Indeed, they are very aware of the strength of the students. This experience itself is an impossible task. What they want is to let the students grow up in the course of the task. As for the things that the whole task has experienced, they basically have the heart. There are count!

Teacher Tang Yue did not laugh. She glanced at the valley in the distance that was covered by some fog.

"Mofan has held the Stardust Magic for a whole year. His fire does not know whether he has upgraded to a higher level. If so, he should be the only student who can hurt the summoned beast. Students who hurt the summoned beast should have no problem with a S." Tang Yue secretly whispered in his heart.

Later, Tang Yue shook his head again.

In the face of fierce demons, it is great to be able to release the skills completely.

Tang Yue only hopes that this time, a hundred top students will not be killed in the summoning of the beast, because in fact, as long as any skill is released in this level, the short-selling will give him an A on his experience. Results!

A has been the highest score that students have received from instructors since so many years of experience!