......

......

After walking through the valley, through the weeds that are taller than people, everyone finally saw the herb valley!

The Baicao Valley should have a lot of entrances. To enter the valley, you have to cross the narrow valleys in front of you.

"How many rattans on this road, from the top of the mountain to the ground, looks disgusting." The more delicate girls immediately smashed.

Tree vines and grass vines are interlaced in the narrow road in front of them. Some from a height like a python climbing on the mountain wall, some intricately wrapped around the ground, it seems to have entered a blue-black python nest. It’s terrible, it’s no wonder that some timid girls will feel creepy when they look at it.

"Isn't it some broken vines, afraid of an egg, come follow me!" Wang Sanfu was in the presence of female classmates to show his heroic spirit, when the gun horse walked in front.

Wang Sanfa’s bloated body squeezed out the thick rattan of the wrists hanging in front of him, and walked forward with great enthusiasm.

This type of body is really suitable for this kind of road. He can pass, and all the remaining students can pass.

"Ah!!!! Lying in the trough, what a ghost, lying in the trough, saving lives, saving lives!!!!" Suddenly, Wang Sanpeng made a madness in the inside like the old dog was beaten half!

All the students unconsciously stepped back a few steps, and when they saw it, they felt the scalp numb.

It turns out that those vines will move! !

These vines writhed their bodies, and after Wang Sanfei stepped into their territory, he quickly tied Wang Sanfa to Wuhuada, and Wang’s fat body was hanged.

There are thorns and thorns on the rattan. When they are moving, the fat skin of Wang Sanfa is all scratched. All of them have left a lot of blood, and Zhang Yingying’s little girls are screaming.

"Call a hair, besides screaming, what else will you!" The irritated Xu Zhaozhen suddenly snorted.

Just after the words, Xu Zhaozhen has stood in the same place, the first star presents an illusory image in front of Xu Zhaoyu's forehead, and the beautiful purple looks a bit fascinating.

The stars appear one by one, all arranged under the control of Xu Zhao!

When you are, a star trail is connected.

"Ray print? Scar!"

Xu Zhaoxuan's skills are all in one go, and there is an arc of lightning that is burning around.

The arc of these lightnings was swept away in the narrow road under Xu Zhaozhen’s order, and was spurred on those who were dragging Wang San’s fat.

“滋滋滋~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”

Lei Yin has made a lot of black marks on the demon vines. However, the demon vines of the plant system are obviously not so afraid of lightning attacks. They are only slightly shrinking, and they are unscrupulously willing to put Wang San fat up!

"Help, save ..." Wang San fat shouted with a cry, but with a cane to hold his throat, Wang San fat even shouted no effort.

The students suddenly became a pot of porridge.

Xu Zhaoxuan’s thunderprint does not work at all, so how can I stop these demon vines?

"what!!!"

It was another scream. It turned out that these enchanting vines were completely unsatisfied with Wang Sanpeng. They had already seen the girls with fine skin and tender meat. The girl named Zheng Yunxia was trapped in the ankle.

Zheng Yunxia is a mage master. The problem is that she is afraid that even the stardust is forgotten, let alone display skills.

"Don't panic, I will deal with them!!" Zhou Minjiao, the leader of the class, gave a cry.

A fire system star track quickly formed in Zhou Min's side, and Zhou Min, who had a bit of arrogance, suddenly added a bit of flame arrogance.

"Fire nourish? Burn!"

A group of flames slammed on Zhou Min's palm, and with the wave of Zhou Min's hand, the flame did not enter the demon vines.

"Hurrying~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~"

The burning fire suddenly smashed in the demon vine.

The flames fluttered, and the speed of the vines was quite fast. In a moment, a large piece of demon vines was swallowed up.

Those demon vines are very afraid of the flames. After Zhou Min’s fire has fallen, the demon vines are as fast as the ghosts.

The demon vines quickly released Wang Sanfa, and Wang San, who was hoisted, squatted down. Fortunately, he fell to the ground with a round belly, otherwise the face must have collapsed.

"The squad leader is amazing!!"

"It’s still a good fire system, these demon vines are directly scared."

"Yeah, the squad leader is mighty!"

A group of students saw that the demon vines had retreated and most of them had been applauded.

Xu Zhaozhen, the proud son of the Lei Department, stood there, but his face was not very good-looking.

Plant life is inherently resistant to the ability of the mine, and there is nothing that can be done.

Mo Fan looked at it, but did not use any fire skills from beginning to end.

Anyway, Zhou Min, the squad leader, can already get these demon vines. There is no need to shoot for himself.

not to mention……

Zhou Min’s fire is still at the first level, and his own fire is on the day of his departure... Hey!

Little demon vine, you don't have to shoot, you can save a little blue!

Zhou Min showed great power, and released four fires on the narrow road to expel all the demon vines who had been derailed by the girls... At this time, the power of the fire system was fully revealed, and the burning The effect is much more overbearing than the skills of other departments.

......

"Zhou Min, the girl in the fire department. Well, um, this girl is quite appetizing for me." In a tent, the chief instructor of the hollowed out felt the little scum.

"Now should be the fastest progress of a group, there are a lot of students with excellent results." Zhang Jianguo asked.

"A group of fire mage is a waste material, and it is impossible to release the skills in the face of the demon vine. Finally, the student named Mu Bai has delayed the freezing of the demon vine. It is the fastest and the most smoothly arrived at the Baicao Valley. Soon they will meet the sorrowful beast! It’s time to test them!"

"Stunning wolf beasts should not hurt students?"

"Injured, that's for sure. It's normal to break a few bones, but our summoning wizard and his savage beast will be measured." Pan Lijun said.

"Or, call me to remind you that if the students are over-stressed, it will also affect their sprinting university in the coming year."

"There is no signal in the valley, nothing, Baiyang knows the weight." Luo Yunbo said.

"White Yang? Isn't that the light mage who said to be killed?" Tang Yue bowed.

The openwork smiled: "Edited, he is the summoning mage of our Xuefeng Mountain Station, staying behind the one-eyed demon wolf. However, the blue bracelet is there, just in the nest."

Tang Yue is also speechless, this general instructor is everywhere!

I don't know if these students can survive.