......

......

The view from the valley is good, with a palm-shaped lake to the south and a raised mountain pass to the north.

The old lair of the one-eyed demon wolf is at the mouth of the mountain. In fact, it can be seen at the center of the Baicao Valley.

The group leader is of course green tea... Of course, the deputy squad leader Mu Bai!

In this experience, Mu Bai successfully conquered everyone in this team, and the girls all worshiped him more.

This time he was able to enter the Baicao Valley so quickly, he really contributed.

"The cave is there, I thought it was difficult to find this reward. It was not that we found the destination!" Zhao Kun said with a smile.

Zhao Kunsan was also intolerant of this product. In the last quarter, he reached the top class and succeeded with Mu Bai again.

"Be careful, the reward can't be so simple." Mu Bai was born in a big family, and he was well-informed. He knew that the reward could not be done casually.

A team of 20 people headed by Mu Bai, they have climbed the nest of the nest along the steep slope.

Standing at the mouth of the mountain, there is a smaller spring pool at the mouth of the mountain, and the water in the spring pool is only about half.

The cave is already visible, and the hole is very large, similar to the underground passage in the city.

Looking into the cave, it is a deep darkness. This kind of darkness makes it easy to create a fear of darkness and unknownness. In addition, the gale wind blows out from the cave, and the goose bumps are all over the body.

"Or, do we wait for more people to go in??" He Yuqi said.

"I also think that it is so terrible." Zhao Kunsan did not have that dog.

God knows what's in this cave, so go in like this...

If you really have a demon, your life will be gone.

When the people discussed it, another group of people came down the mountain.

"It seems to be three groups, great!" He Yu said happily.

One group and three groups are considered to be the most combative in the five groups because of the relationship between Mu Bai and Xu Zhaoyu.

Seeing the three groups of people is still a lot slower than themselves, Mu Bai could not help but sneer, although Xu Zhaoyi and Mo Fan these two annual assessments are S guys in a team, but then how, in practice, this is their own It is much better to be influenced by the family.

......

Soon, the three groups and the group of people will meet, and the other three groups estimate that there is no such thing as the demon vine. It is even possible that all the river valleys have been eliminated.

Also, not every wind master in the valley is dare to jump.

"Let's go, go in together, the light system, you finally have a role, put the light bulb up!" Zhao Kun three saw a lot of people, courage is also big, but that mouth has not changed.

The students of the light department complained one by one.

However, their initial skill nickname is indeed a "mobile light bulb."

The light students have shown their ability to illuminate the caves of the rock formations, but deeper still a large piece of darkness, which makes the heart beat inexplicably.

"The wind system is in front of the road, you have the wind track skills, even if you encounter the situation, you can immediately evacuate." Mu Bai is really a big family, know how a team should be properly distributed.

The wind school students did not say much, Zhao Kunsan, Zhang Yingwei, Yang Xintian and others have already walked ahead.

"Fan Ge, I went to the front to explore the road... What are you looking at?" Zhang Xiaohou is a wind system, and naturally he has to be responsible for exploring the road.

In the cave, there is no such thing as a large group of people pulling in front of them. If they encounter the situation, they will immediately become a mess. Mu Bai’s decision is correct.

Mo Fan was still standing at the mouth of the cave, but his eyes were fixed on the pool in front of the mountain pass.

It rained a few days ago and it was normal to have water in the pool.

However, Mo Fan found a strange place.

"There is a waterline at the edge of the pool. This means that the water in this pool should have been in this position. The water marks are still visible. The water level will not fall for more than half a day... If it evaporates, the evaporation rate is not so fast..." Mo Fan said to himself.

“Will a group of people have water?” Zhang Xiaohou said.

"We all have water on the lake, there is no reason to install it again on the mountain." Mo Fan continued.

"Then what you mean..." Zhang Xiaohou rarely saw Mo Fan have such a serious time.

“The chief instructor said that there was a group of one-eyed demon wolves inhabited here. This is not the accident in the pool at the mouth of the cave. It is the basin where they drink water. The waterline has dropped a few hours ago, and the water marks are still there.” Everyone thinks.

Zhang Xiaohou was not stupid. Why didn't he mean the meaning of Mo Fan's words? The whole face was scared.

"Where, don't scare me, you mean that there are still things in this cave, and I came out to drink water recently." Zhang Xiaohou said stutteringly.

"The water level has dropped so much, which means that the cargo is still very large, or not just one." Mo Fan added.

Zhang Xiaohou’s teeth are shaking.

"Let's go, maybe it's my heart." Mo Fan clap his hands and keep up with the team that has stepped into the cave.

Zhang Xiaohou hurriedly ran to the front of the team and told Mo Fan’s findings to Mu Bai, Xu Zhaozhen, Zhou Min and others.

However, Zhang Xiaohou’s words have not yet been said to be complete. Suddenly, a scent of demon smells from the caves and rushes out of the face of 40 students...

It feels like there is a big wave to fight over, the hair and the clothes are all messed up, and you can feel the mist spray!

"Ah!!!!"

“啊呜!!!!!!”

The fierce, two consecutive screams came from deeper into the cave.

At this moment, everyone understands what the raging wind with sticky steam is!

Scorpio, that is the drool from the mouth when the demon roars! !

All 40 students were there and their bodies were stiff.

In the next second, their entire face was distorted, and they were completely filled with fear from the bottom of their hearts.

demon! ! !

It is a demon! ! ! !

They have to touch the subject of the demon all the time in the school. In their minds, they have practiced countless times of fighting with the demon. However, when they actually felt the two green greedy eyes in the depths of the cave, Their minds are blank!

The brilliance of the light magicians also hovered in the air, illuminating the cave in front.

A foot full of green hair suddenly crossed out from the darkness, and the sharp claws of the sharp blade fell into the surface...

Then, a skull slowly stretched out and was exposed to the area illuminated by the light! !

A row of jagged fangs suddenly appeared, and the sharp front teeth hang from the top to the bottom, exposed to the air, exposed to the eyes of these students.

The green saliva dripped slowly from the two saber-toothed teeth, which fully shows that this guy is hungry at the moment!

The fierce wolf's head, the neck that is more powerful than the ordinary coyotes, is bigger than the camel and has the body of rock muscles, and the dark blue roots of the needle tip.

This demon, standing in front of 40 students, the green eyes are completely overlooking a bunch of delicious food, greedy, indifferent!

"Run... Run... Run!!!!"

I don't know who shouted in the voice.