In the next second, this group of magical students all turned into frightened wild birds, panicked and crowded, and stumbled and fled toward the cave.

"Run fast, still standing there to do!!" Zhang Xiaohou saw that the rain next to him was already scared, and grabbed the girl's arm without saying anything.

"Wind...wind...winds...damn!!"

Zhang Xiaohou tried to complete the magic, but his heart could not be connected in the case of a heartbeat.

Practiced as usual, he has been able to complete the star track without any mistakes, Zhang Xiaohou himself feels that magic has been handy, but when a horrible demon is 20 meters away, he finds everything he has learned. It is nonsense!

On the weekdays, the obedient stars are also like the frightened deer. They are smashing among the stars of these magician students. No one will show magic at this time. They all rely on instinct towards the cave. Run away outside.

"Fan Ge, Fan Ge, fast... Run!" Zhang Xiaohou screamed and scared He Yu to run outside the cave.

Mo Fan is no different from this group of escaped students at this time, especially in the case of screams, scared crying, including the murmur of the trousers, he can not completely concentrate on releasing the magic...

No, I have to run.

Mo Fan Xingzi can be connected to the sixth, but when he reaches the seventh, he is snarled by the demon, and his thoughts are all scattered. Where can he be used to display magic.

In desperation, he grabbed Zhou Min next to him.

"Let me go, I will drag this one-eyed demon wolf, and the rest of you will calm down." Zhou Minzhen is a girl who is desperate.

"Do you have a problem with your brain!" Mo Fan was fortunate enough to directly smash Zhou Min.

Zhou Min looks fierce, but in fact it is just a delicate little girl. After Mofan practiced the thunder system, there is still some overall physical strength. It is not too difficult to pick up Zhou Min.

It’s not that Mo Fan doesn’t give Zhoumin the opportunity to show magic. But even if he can only connect to 6 stars at this time, you can’t finish it with a girl who is worse than me.

At this time, don't let his mother come to the spirit of a class, can run a few count.

Mo Fan screamed at Zhou Min, crying and screaming in his ear.

"Damn, no wonder the old birds who are standing in the middle of the station are going to laugh at us. When we were practicing puppetry at school, we were a group of **** when we faced the real demon. No one did the magic. The first reaction was to escape... but escape It was killed by Yu Yi. The Yamaguchi was climbed up with ropes. We fled to the mountain pass at most, and there were only one rope, and there were very few people who could climb."

Mo Fan’s brain is still a little messy. He is trying hard to calm himself down, but the horror of the demon is far beyond their imagination.

This feeling is like watching a horror movie. If you just look at the picture, the horror film is not so unacceptable.

However, when you turn on the sound, the horror of the film immediately increases by more than one level.

At this time, this situation is not just a matter of watching a horror film, but a ghost is really real from the screen, it is not far from your eye, you can even clearly see the blood flowing out of his eyes... ...

In this case, no one can calm down!

......

Mo Fan ran so fast, after Zhou Min took out the mountain pass, Zhou Min had already scared his legs and stood still.

It’s terrible, it’s really terrible for them, it’s ten times more than a terrible nightmare for any nightmare they make!

"God, rope!!"

"No, no, I don't want to die here!!"

"What happened??" Mu Bai and Xu Zhaoyu are still a little bit sensible. They can't show any magic from their wolverine appearance.

There were ten fewer stunned people in the cave, and more than twenty people who escaped tried to slide down the rope.

However, the ropes are gone! !

Now, unless they jump directly...

"What to do, we have to die here??" Zhao Kunsan was scared to death.

In fact, in addition to the stench of the one-eyed demon wolf, there is a strong smell here, and all the wet students in the crotch and the library are everywhere.

"The one-eyed demon wolf chased it out, I would rather fall to death and not be eaten alive," said a water boy.

"Damn, so many fainted inside the hole, how can the guy not go to eat to chase it out." Zhao Kunsan said.

Even though Zhou Min and Xu Zhaozhen were afraid, they could hear Zhao Kun. They said that they were so mad and stunned.

"Running is useless, we have to unite to deal with it."

"How to deal with it, I have forgotten what I learned."

......

......

There is a stone platform extending from the mountain wall at a position 300 meters from the mountain pass.

Shitai location, the chief instructor hollow, the instructor Luo Yunbo, Pan Lijun and the summoner Bai Yang are standing there, they are looking at the group of students trapped in the mountain pass.

The summoner named Bai Yang had been laughing and licking his stomach. In his eyes, one of the students could see that the trousers were weak.

The chief instructor looked at the group of students who had not shown any magic, shaking their heads.

Too disappointing.

I also thought that this year's Scorpio Magic High School students would be a bit of a skill, who knows that there is still no one who can display magic.

It is said that the students are a group of empty talkers. This is indeed the case. The school spends so much resources to train them, but when they really face the demon, it is this look.

The three teachers Zhang Jianguo, Xue Musheng and Chen Weiliang are also looking at this moment.

The students have a lot of money and they all know that the school is generally pursuing the students' repair points, so that their reports are good-looking. As for the practical things, most of them have passed.

To practice fighting this thing is to fight for yourself. How can the school teach?

"Well? Someone released the magic." Luo Yunbo's eyes pointed, and there was a white light shining in the distant mountain pass.

"It's the ice system... that person seems to be Mu Bai!" Xue Musheng immediately had a smile on his face.

Chen Weiliang and Zhang Jianguo also rushed to see, and the first person who released the magic was Mu Bai.

The white frosty air is lingering in the area where Mu Bai is located. The frosty elves are turned into soldiers who are surging, and quickly cover the limbs of the secluded beast that has already stepped out of the cave!

"Well, write down." The chief instructor said shortly.

"This is the son of Mu's family. He is influenced by the family. He has the temperament of his own disciples. His psychological quality and adaptability are much stronger than other students." Xue Musheng said quickly.

The children of the family are the children of the family. The other students are still in a state of mental breakdown, and Mu Bai has already settled his heart and released the magic.

In this kind of fear, he can release his ice-based skills - ice vines, Mu Bai can already get the excellent result of A.

Now, let's see if other students can calm down.