......

......

At the mouth of the mountain, Mu Bai was standing in front of the secluded beast, and the power of the ice that he controlled was turned into a frosty frost, covering the limbs of the secluded beast.

Mu Baigang wanted to reveal a sigh of relief, but suddenly found that the movement of the sly wolf beast was only a little slow, and did not affect it.

"Doesn't use??" Mu Bai looked at him.

His own ice vines can freeze three or four people in the same place. In Mu Bai’s opinion, he can give some other classmates some time to calm down. Who knows that the power of the wolf beasts is so powerful, the white ice vines Didn't let it stop here.

"Oh!!!!"

Stepping on the frost, the stunned beast continues to move forward.

The goal of the sorcerer beast at this moment is Mu Bai. Its forelimbs are raised high in front of Mu Bai, and they are slap in front of Mu Bai! !

"Hang~~~~~~~~~~~~~~"

The power of a violent shock rolled up the sand and flew the stone, and together with Mu Bai, it flew five or six meters away.

Mu Bai had no defensive ability. He fell directly to the ground under this earthquake, and fell into a halo and never got a chance to get up.

"Mu Bai!"

Zhao Kunsan rushed to the past, only to find that Mu Bai’s clothes were worn by a hundred holes, and the skin was beaten by those sandstones!

After seeing this scene, He Yu, who was so close to God, was scared like a little baby who had no mobility and kept crying there.

He cried like this, seemingly annoyed the sorrowful beast, and the sorcerer beast walked toward He Yu with a proud and contemptuous pace.

In the eyes of the sorcerer's beast, there is no such thing as pity and cherished jade. Mu Bai was shocked by the shock, and he did not know what the delicate He Yu would end.

"Damn, run quickly!" Zhang Xiaohou was in a hurry.

One bite, Zhang Xiaohou once again ran towards He Yu, trying to pull her out of the horrible sight of the sly wolf beast.

"Monkey, you don't want to die!" Not far away, Mo Fan couldn't calm down after seeing this scene.

In Mo Fan's opinion, Mu Bai's behavior was really stupid. It is impossible for him to incite the strength of this demon who is stronger than these mages. Fortunately, this wolf beast does not completely like killing. Otherwise, the forelimbs were taken directly to Mu Bai, and Mu Bai was sure that flesh and blood would fly, and life would be difficult!

"Fire... fire!!"

In a mess, Zhou Min almost broke her lips and finally released her fire skills!

The fire group flew toward the wolf beast, perhaps because it was too flustered, this fire was only hit at the foot of the sly wolf beast, a large cluster of inexplicable flames ignited next to the sly wolf beast, the dark blue wolf The beast shines red.

The wolf beast did not care about the burning flame, and continued to walk toward He Yu and Zhang Xiaohou.

"Animals, try my thunder!!"

Xu Zhaozhen snorted and surrounded the countless arcs.

These arcs spurred toward the sorrowful beast under the command of Xu Zhaozhen!

Every purple thunder arc can cause a convulsion on the body of the sorcerer beast, and the sorcerer can no longer move the pace, and a low-pitched pain!

The eyes of the wolf beast suddenly swept to Xu Zhaozhen.

"Ah!!!!!!!"

The wolf beast opened the mouth of the blood basin and made a roar toward Xu Zhaozhen.

When the wind was raging, there were many sandstones at the entrance to the mountain. These sands were rolled up by the roaring force, flying like a dragon to Xu Zhaozhen.

"Three fat!" Xu Zhaoxuan saw this scene and screamed in a panic.

That Wang San fat is also a scorpion.

"Ground waves? Move!!"

Wang San’s fat and obese body turned down and his hands were inserted into the ground...

The ground was full of gravel, and after Wang San's fat hand fell into the ground, it suddenly became a controllable wave, like a mirror of the lake suddenly thrown into a stone stunned.

This scorpion appeared on the surface full of sandstone, and turned into a wave of land quickly in front of Xu Zhaozhen...

Xu Zhaoxuan could not escape the flying sand from the face, but the appearance of this wave made Xu Zhaozhen’s life move out of five or six meters, and he escaped the flying sand flying stones that could make people flesh and blood. !

Xu Zhao’s eyes were closed. After opening his eyes and finding himself moving to another place, his face was full of joy and his thumb was raised against his good friend Wang San.

Wang San was a fat smile, and he did not think that his own ground wave was released so well.

"You don't have to be afraid. We have so many people. If everyone shows magic, they can kill this one-eyed demon wolf!" Xu Zhaoxuan immediately became a leader and shouted to everyone after showing amazing strength.

"Everyone is fast with the star track. Leiyin has the effect of muscle paralysis. This one-eyed demon wolf is definitely hard to move now. At this time, everyone will fight back!" Wang Sanfa also shouted.

As Wang Sanfu said, the sorcerer beast has been spurred by the spurs of the spurs.

This is undoubtedly a life-saving news for everyone. At a time, a few calm masters have begun to try to connect the stars.

"Glory? Purify!"

"Ice vine? Frozen late!"

"Waters? Decomposition!"

"Ground waves? Move!"

"Fire nourish? Burn!"

At one time, seven or eight different students completed their magic, and these magics produced different effects and flew toward the wolf beast.

After the stunned beast was paralyzed in the same place, he immediately suffered a skill attack from all directions and immediately made a painful roar.

"Fire system, the fire system is hurrying, we temporarily suppressed this one-eyed demon wolf, the fire system burned him!" Xu Zhaozhen has become a leader, while continuing to display the next Lei Yin and shouted.

The fire system is DPS, the light of the light system temporarily flashes the eyes of the sorrowful beast. After the ice vines of several ice masters are superimposed, the lower limbs of the sorcerer beast are all frozen. At this time, it is necessary to rely on the fire system to give The wolf beast caused a strong burning!

Zhou Min's mouth is bleeding, and she finally released an accurate and complete fire. The flame burned on the back of the wolf beast. It can be seen that the wolf beast is obviously more painful.

"啊呜~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~"

Just when everyone thought that the attack could be effective, the secluded beast sent out two roars in succession.

Two flying sands and stones were raised at the same time, and they swept away toward Xu Zhaoxuan and Wang Sanfu, and went to the other three to cast magic.

These two flying sands have caused a devastating blow to these students, and the people in pieces have been beaten and fleshy...

The students who had just found a lifeline were all defeated at once!