"End... It’s a level." Wang San’s fat body is blood from the ground.

Xu Zhaozhen has been lying there, his condition is similar to that of white.

On the other side, there were also five students who fell down. They were buried in the dust and gravel, and they had no strength to climb again.

The sorcerer, even though the body was injured, the injury did not make it lose its fighting power.

The strength of this secluded beast is far beyond their imagination. Even if it is calmed down, even if there are more than a dozen people united, it will still be impossible to deal with.

"If at the beginning 40 people can join hands to release, no one can live, bastard, bastard, Laozi actually died here." Wang San fat called there.

"Mofan, you... your fire is better than... than you, you are going to shoot!" Zhou Min shouted.

The only thing that really hurts the Wolves is the fire and the thunder, but there are too few students in the fire department.

"Useless, this is not a one-eyed demon wolf!" Mo Fan eyes staring at this special demon.

The one-eyed demon wolf has only one eye, but the demon has a green eyes.

Almost everyone is scared by this demon, and who will pay attention to the characteristics of this terrible creature?

"Save... save... save..." He Yuzhen was there, and the face was pale to the extreme.

Obviously, the Wolf Beast is very disgusted and crying. After killing the students who can release the magic, the target once again locked the rain!

"You **** run!!" Mo Fan was annoyed.

This woman, stupidly hopeless, so many people attacked the stunned beast and gave her time to escape. She even took a step.

No, so everyone will be killed by this demon.

This thing must be done.

"Monkey, can you fly away??" Mo Fan had an idea in his heart and hurriedly said to Zhang Xiaohou not far away.

Zhang Xiaohou nodded heavily.

"Well, I will attract this demon, wait for you to take me to the cave, do you know?" Mo Fan said seriously to Zhang Xiaohou.

"Fan, what are you going to do?" Zhang Xiaohou asked.

"killed it!"

Mofan bit his teeth and use pain to calm himself down.

The star of the fire system became a void space of nothingness, lingering in the body of Mo Fan.

Each of the fire scorpions is finally arranged according to the magical star track under the call of Mofan!

Mo Fan's speed into the star track is very fast. When the sixth star is connected, the most disobedient seventh star finally surrenders under Mofan's mandatory order!

Star track into, magic is now!

A hot flame plunged in the palm of Mofan's palm, and the red-red flame tongue overflowed Mofan's finger.

"Fire nourish? Burn bone!

Everything was completed, and Mo Fan's hair fluttered in a messy airflow, and the whole temperament of the palm of the hand completely changed under the flame.

The flames swayed, and the fire screamed through the air, hitting the huge torso of the sorcerer's beast with great precision.

The fire group was first silenced, and then it was like a group of crazy red-red vines, which actually ignited from the body of the sly wolf beast. The fire was much stronger than the fire that Zhou Min released!

The flames were very bright and very fierce, and the sorrowful beast raised his head and made a painful cry.

The wolf beast appeared very painful. It ran wildly on the ground without aim, and continued to roll on the ground. Finally, it was drilled into the pool.

Burning bones and flames did not disappear because of the water. The terrible burning power is likely to burn the internal organs of the sorcerer beast to ashes! !

Zhou Min, Zhang Xiaohou, Wang Sanpeng, Zhang Yingwei and others saw that this scene was somewhat stunned.

There are also those messy students who are scattered outside the mountain pass. They can't believe Mofan.

"Fan Ge... Your fire is ......" Zhang Xiaohou looked at Mo Fan incredulously.

The power of Mo Fan Huo Zi is far more powerful than Zhou Min, and even the flame effect is completely different.

Zhou Min’s fire is burning. After the flame touches the sorcerer beast, it is only continuously burning on the stunned beast. This kind of burning makes the skin of the sly wolf beast open, but it can’t really hurt the wolf. The bones of the beast.

And Mo Fan's fire, seems to be burned in the body of the wolf beast, everyone just so many people reasonably display the skills seem to have no effect, this is a fire!

In the position of Shitai, a summoner named Baiyang locked his brow at the moment.

Summoning the beast and summoner is the telepathy. Baiyang can feel his own sorrowful beast. It is very painful at the moment. It is obvious that the fire that the student has exerted completely hurts it.

"Fire nourish? Burn bones!"

At this time, the chief instructor hollowed out and Tang Yue’s face showed a horror at the same time!

Both the hollow and the Tang Moon are all repairing fires. How can they not understand the initial skills of the fire system?

The first stage of the fire system - the fire is divided into three levels.

The first level of fire is called "fire"? Burning

The fire is burning, it is the lowest form of fire, and the effect is only to quickly ignite the target object, to achieve the effect of burns and burns.

However, the second-level morphological effect of Huozi is quite different.

Fire and burn, as the name suggests, this is after the fire hits the target, the higher temperature flame directly wears from the enemy's body, can burn the bones to ashes!

The fire of external combustion? Burning is not able to cause much damage to the wolf beast. On the one hand, these students do not know how to find the key, on the other hand, the fur of the wolf beast itself has a strong resistance.

The fire burns the bones completely differently, and the horrible flame that burns inside is likely to burn the inner organs of the wolf beast. This kind of penetration-like fire skill is much higher than the burning. Times!

"What is the name of this student..." The hollowing back came back, and the eyes finally showed a bit of approval.

The ability to reach the second level of fire skills, this student is quite good!

"His name is Mo Fan!" Teacher Tang Yue showed a smile on his face.

This Mo Fan, did not let himself down, just a year has already raised the fire to the level of burning bones.

In fact, the first thing that Tang Yue showed to the students was the fire and burning, so the effect of burning the flames would be far stronger than what the students had seen before.

"This student can give S!" said the short-satisfaction.

Instructor Luo Yunbo and Associate Instructor Pan Lijun also nodded. In this era, the whole Bocheng may not find a few.

"Oops!" Suddenly, the summoner named Bai Yang called out.

"What happened?" said the chief instructor.

"After the wolf beast jumped into the spring pool, I don't know why it suddenly became arrogant, as if... it seems to be out of control!" Baiyang said whitely.

"Mixed, isn't it for you to train this guy's wildness?"

Bai Yang’s remarks made Tang Yue, Zhang Jianguo, Chen Weiliang and others face a big change.

out of control? ? ?

The fighting power of this secluded beast is probably stronger than that of the one-eyed demon wolf. If it is out of control, the students do not know how much to die!

"Quick, stop it!"

"No, we have some time in the past."

"How can I get out of control, how can I get out of control, it's over, it's over, it's going to kill people!" Chen Weiliang, the director of the teaching office, was scared.

The sorcerer's beast has always been a lover, otherwise the group of students died in the cave.

Now that the wolf beast is out of control, it is really necessary to kill, and few of these students can survive.

"Sorry, I... I don't know why." The summoner Bai Yang said.

"Now say what to do, save people!"