......

......

At the mountain pass, in order to reduce the burning of the flame, the sorcerer jumped into the spring pool.

But somehow, when the wet wolf beast climbed up from the spring pool, it seemed to have changed its appearance. The original green oily pores turned red.

The sorcerer beast is "naturally wild and difficult to tame. It is easy to get mad by strong and fierce stimulation."

On the battlefield, the madness of the Wolf Beast does have a miraculous effect, but at this moment it will be a disaster for the students!

The reddish pupil is filled with the most terrible fierce light, and the sorrowful sorcerer's eyes are locked in Mofan's eyes, and the murderous gas is rushing to Mo Fan for a burst of cold air.

Mo Fan was all froze.

This secluded beast is far stronger and more ferocious than they thought!

"Monkey...Monkey!" Mo Fan almost did not have the strength to speak.

Zhang Xiaohou also felt the horrible murderousness, he connected the star track crazy.

Before he could not complete the wind system star track, but now he must complete, otherwise Mo Fan will be instantly killed by the savage beast.

“嗷呜~~~~~~~~~~~~~!”

The sorcerer's beast flew in the limbs, and a burst of smoke rolled up behind it.

This explosive power!

The secluded beast from the still to the mad rush is not even a second of time, the explosive power is terrible to the extreme.

"Fan brother!"

At the beginning of the millennium, Zhang Xiaohou seized some rigid Mo Fan.

A trajectory of the wind became the channel for Zhang Xiaohou to run at a very fast speed. When Zhang Xiaohou was on the threshold, he grabbed Mo Fan from the wolf's mouth and continued to travel to the depths of the cave!

"Ah!"

The savage beast's hunting teeth bite into the air and make a harsh collision.

It was like a dignity, and it was greatly insulted. This horrible creature once again broke out at that amazing speed and chased it toward the cave.

There was a large crowd in the cave, and they finally climbed up and immediately ushered in a mad beast.

All of these students slammed into the air and splattered with blood.

"Run, run, fast!!" Mo Fan looked back, he can feel the speed of the wolf beast than Zhang Xiaohou's wind track?

"I... I am working very hard!" Zhang Xiaohou was sweating, but he did not dare to have the slightest scorn.

The wind whispered in the ear, and behind him was a fierce wolf chasing after the madness, and the hopping stopped.

"Just to the front, you run fast, I will deal with him!" Mo Fan finally found his own destination, the voice said with great certainty.

"How can I do that, I won't throw down my brother..."

See the truth in trouble.

If still alive, Mo Fan will be so moved to his mother.

The question is, if you can survive now, look at this **** cave.

Deep in the cave is a more spacious cave, with a weird rock at the bottom and stalactites hanging down.

There are no students here, and there is no way to run any more. It can be said to be a dead end.

Zhang Xiaohou has tried his best. His track has already won enough time for their two lives. Now the sly wolf beast has been blocked and they have no way to escape.

"Van Ge, we are not very great, the stunned beasts are brought here, others can run away..." Zhang Xiaohou suddenly said faintly.

Mo Fan leaned back against the cave wall and looked at the secluded beast that had found them. He smiled and said: "Fart, I will never do this kind of thing."

"Be careful!!!"

Mofan’s voice just fell, and a flying sand took a stone from the mouth of the savage beast, and the sharp rubble that was rolling up in the cave was tapping toward the two.

After all, Zhang Xiaohou is a wind system, and the action is going to be a bit faster.

He wanted to hide, but realized that Mo Fan could not be faster than himself.

As soon as he gritted his teeth, Zhang Xiaohou pushed a Mofan and pushed Mo Fan to the back of a high stone...

It’s too late for him to dodge again, and the body was instantly hit by the sharp stones, and one eye-catching blood hole appeared!

"Bee, you are a beast, if the monkey has three long and two short, I Mofan must cut you into a meat sauce!!" Mo Fan roared.

Time simply did not allow Mo Fan to check Zhang Xiaohou's life and death. When he spit out the screaming beast, Mo Fan closed his eyes!

At the moment when I opened it again, Mo Fan’s pupil was dissatisfied with the dense purple electricity!

The lightning is like a fire!

A star is printed in Mofan's pupil. The purple and beautiful stars feel the unity that the master has never had after the anger. They are perfectly connected into a purple star, in this black cave. Especially dazzling.

In the center of the star track, Mo Fan is proud.

"Ray print? Scar!!"

The voice just fell, and the lightning marks of the road appeared like the arrogance around the Mofan and the sky, they have turned into the anger of Mo Fan's heart.

A high grip of the palm of the hand, the lightning in the palm of the hand overflows between the fingers.

Get the seal of the order? Scarred for a brave thunderbolt warrior, they are bombarded, or entangled, or spurred!

One by one, the marks of these thunders hit the body of the sorrowful beast, and the muscles of the sorrowful beast were numb, and the sorcerer's skin was opened! !

“啊呜呜呜~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!”

Thunder, the power is better than the fire? Burning is even stronger, this is the only skill that can hurt the sorcerer.

This sorcerer's fur has been ruined and black, and you can see the black blood overflowing from its muscles and flesh!

The wolf beast is painful, even if it can't move under the numbness of Leiyin, the red-red eyes are still staring at Mo Fan.

Yes, that is killing!

This mad sacred beast has been completely smashed to kill the wild demon, only those who kill and defy life!

"Fire nourish? Burn bones!"

Mo Fan Xingzi reconnected, this time his pupil was purple from burning to the red dragonfly.

The fire star is quickly connected under the gaze of the eyes, and quickly becomes a star track that can teach the magical power to Mofan!

Staring at the eyes of this secluded beast, Mo Fan has no fear at the moment, more is anger and decisive.

In the pupil of the sorcerer's beast, there is a hint of disdain for the weak human beings. It seems to be saying: What is the use again? Burning bones can't completely kill me, but the next second of muscle paralysis, I can take you Stop your waist!

Burning bones, even if the pain is extremely extreme, the sorcerer can still bear the internal combustion of the next burning bone.

Whether it is a thunder, a scar, or a fire, burning bones is not enough to kill it, so the final result must be that this human being becomes a food in his belly!

"You are this animal..." Mofan could feel the contempt in the eyes of the wolf beast.

"Look at who is dead!!" Mo Fan screamed, and the fire was staring at the flames of a burning heat in the palm of Mofan.

——————————————————

(Monday at 0:00, it is a good time to punch the list! It has been forbearing for about three or four days without asking for a ticket, and today I must ask for a good time!!!

I begged me to open the forest, you cast your handsome.

If reading is not for voting, what does it mean?

Since I met a full-time mages, I have decided to vote for a book.

People are inherently invested, either to a full-time mages or to a full-time mages! )