"Give me to die!"

Mo Fanlan, the fire in his hand was thrown away in the air.

A dazzling flame squad rises high, instantly illuminating the dark lacquered cave, and printing the shadow of the fierce wolf beast and the flame boy below.

The sorcerer's beast raised his gaze, and there was a trace of doubt in the red and fierce pupil.

Is this human being scared? Why is the flame thrown high?

The wolf beast was paralyzed by Lei Yin, and it was impossible to move. In this case, the fire of Mo Fan? It’s really too simple to burn the bones to hit the wolf beast, and to practice the puppets in general...

However, Mo Fan made a move that made the Skull Beast feel that it was a silly | forced move.

Mo Fan was laughing, he opened his mouth, and the fire could shine on his mad smile.

“嘣!!!!!!”

The fire burns the bones like a fallen meteor in the sky, and falls heavily on the roots of a stalactite.

The burning bone flame will not be at all because there is no way to do it. The burning flame of the internal combustion can be said to instantly burn the slender root of the stalactite.

"Giggle ~~~~~~~"

In less than a second, the bone burning flame that burned the bones into the ashes burned the stalactites!

The stalactites were huge, and after the roots were blown out, they suddenly turned into a stalactite sword and fell down from the highest point of the cave.

The wolf beast began with contempt and doubt, and when it found that the burnt stalactite was on top of it, it finally showed a panic.

"Do not send!"

Slowly took back the hand throwing fire, Mo Fan smiled coldly.

Yes, Leiyin can only temporarily limit your activities, and burnt bones can't burn you completely, but Laozi can crush you with IQ!

How great is the stalactite, like a big sword inserted into the body of the sorcerer beast...

From the back of the sorcerer's beast, the life runs through the abdomen and directly to the abdomen.

Just like that, the nails are nailed!

The blood flowed from the abdomen of the sorcerer's beast, slipped down along some cracked stalactites, and soon formed a striking shoal under the sorcerer's beast.

The sorcerer beast is standing there...

It can't fall down even if it falls down, and the red-red pupils gradually turn to the original green when life is mad.

It turned to look at the stalactites that passed through its body and looked at the small human.

In addition to being unbelievable, no other emotions can be seen from its eyes.

The wolf beast's pride and dignity are gone, and it is already in vain to struggle with it.

Life is so continually passing.

Be such a little magician...

......

......

“唿唿唿唿唿唿~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”

A gust of wind whistled outside the mountain pass, and the students who were bruised and bruised looked up weakly, but they saw a shocking scene!

A man, who flew down from a height, and a pair of giant wings condensed by the wind elves occupies the sight of all of them.

"Wind...wing of the wind!!" Mu Bai, who finally woke up from the coma, looked up and looked incredulously at the man with the scum.

"Yes...is the chief instructor!"

"God, what have I seen, angels!!"

The whole mountain pass was amazed.

They may have guessed that the chief instructor was a super-strong mage, but did not expect it to be a high-ranking mage who controlled the wing of the wind!

Wing of the wind!

That is the skill that really makes people fly like an angel! !

I took a look at the group of wolf-stricken students who were not in danger for life. They took another look at the cave that made a loud noise.

"I hope that the student who released the fire and burned the bones is still alive." The hollow did not dare to stay too much, the fluttering of the plump wind behind it, the whole person like the arrow of the string toward the cave. Fly away.

The sly rock was hollowed out by the hollow, and the chief instructor stunned and fascinated through the long cave passage and reached the bottom of the cave.

"Fire? Burst!"

Suspended in a dark cave, the hollow is almost hand-to-hand, and a handful of fires are caught.

The fire group was hollowed out in the middle of the cave, bursting like a fireworks, and illuminating the entire cave.

Looking for a hollow eye, he only hopes that only the sorcerer will keep a little bit of reason, and finally can save a life for the student named Mo Fan. As long as there is still a breath, you can fly back to the station for the treatment of the mage. Give this very good student a life saver.

Therefore, he did not marry his own stardust, and hoped to find the student in the first place.

The fire shone through the cave.

But the next second, the air was stunned.

The chief instructor stayed there, and the brown scorpion was full of shock!

This... how is this possible! ! ! !

......

......

In the position of Shitai, the summoner Bai Yang looked flustered and sat in his heart, praying that the hollow boss could arrive in time.

"It’s a life, it’s a life..." Chen Weiliang was soft on the ground. If a student died in this experience, he would have to pay a lot of responsibility. The most important thing for the country is these magic students, even the emperor Muzhu of Bocheng. Clouds are not afraid to do anything to harm students.

Tang Yue bit his lip.

I recalled that I was joking with the student named Mo Fan that day, and I would use WeChat to locate and recycle his body. I didn’t expect this day to come so fast.

Tang Yue is actually very interested in Mo Fan. On the one hand, she feels that this student seems to hide the secrets other than the growth of the Stardust. On the other hand, she feels that this student has great potential to see him. What kind of realm can you reach...

It’s a pity, but it’s a pity.

"White Yang, what the **** is going on, how can your summoned beast go crazy for no reason, even if it burns the bones to make it painful, there is no reason why you can't control it!" Luo Yunbo accused with some anger.

As a summoner, the most basic thing is to control your own summoned beast!

"I... I don't know... In general, even if it is killed, as long as I don't give orders for killing, it will never kill the students. I really don't know why it is like this." Bai Yang trembled and said.

All this is really too unreasonable.

Bai Yang did not expect that students could release the fire and burn the bones, really damaging their summoned beasts, and did not even think that the summoned beasts would be out of control, and there must be other reasons.

"You pray now that your uncontrollable beast has not killed too many people." Pan Lijun said coldly.

"I... I am... ah!!" Bai Yang just wanted to explain, and suddenly he felt a sharp pain in his head.

This feeling is like a soul slashed by a knife, painful to make Bai Yang's entire face white, sweaty!

"What happened??" Luo Yunbo said with some impatience.

"My... my wolf beast... my wolf beast!!" Suddenly, Baiyang lost the same with the soul. The whole person fell to the ground and looked at the cave with no eyes.

"What happened??" Tang Yue also raised his eyebrows, not knowing what the ghost of Baiyang was doing.

"My sorcerer beast... it... it's dead!" Bai Yang screamed out of this sentence, and the tone seemed to even he would not believe.

————————————————————

(Recommended tickets everyone to work hard, you can immediately touch the rankings ~~~~~~~ Although the list will not be updated more... Hey, how can I not control my mouth?)