Tang Yue, Zhang Jianguo and Chen Weiliang were all stunned.

The chief instructor has just flew into the cave, and the speed is not fast enough to be killed.

So, how did the wolf beast die? ?

"After summoning the wizard's summoned beast, he will suffer a certain spiritual and soul trauma, and the wolf beast seems to be really dead." Tang Yue said.

Judging from the appearance of Bai Yang just now, it is obviously the symptom of summoning the death of the beast. This is not a fake.

"Isn't the Wolf Beast chasing Mo Fan into the cave?"

"Yeah, how suddenly died."

"It is difficult to see that the cave is too dark, and the sorcerer beast is dead on the rock?" Chen Weiliang said.

Bai Yang turned his face, and the eyes had never had a poisonous complaint.

Your TM is killed and your family is killed.

Laozi's sorcerer is not a stupid rabbit. He will be killed on a wooden stake. The sorcerer has night vision ability, and his body shape is more healthy. How can he kill himself on the rock! !

Even if all 40 of these students are able to cast magic, they may not be able to kill his sorcerer! ! !

"Let's see it in the past," said Tang Yue.

"Yes, yes, let's hurry."

"Support will come soon and take these students back."

......

......

Inside the cave

The chief instructor still stayed there and couldn't believe what he saw in his eyes.

The student named Mo Fan was not dead. He was carrying a companion who was hurt at the moment.

The mad savage beast, which should have been hand-picked by himself, stood at the moment. It should be accurately pointed out by a stalactite directly through the body.

There are no signs of life.

The wolf beast is dead!

The fighting power of this sly wolf beast is not inferior to a real demon. The purpose of smashing it out is absolutely not to let these students defeat it. It is just to let it pretend that the demon gives these students a real experience.

Defeat this secluded beast? ?

This is an impossible task, even the real hunter squad will be annihilated by the demon, not to mention the group of students who see the demon and soft legs.

So when chasing here, the hollow only hopes to kill a few students during the time when they will lose the beast.

However, he saw a scene that he could not believe even himself.

The wolf beast is smashed!

Studded by stalactites.

There can be no such a clever thing in the world. It is impossible for the stalactites to fall off and just smash the mad savage beast, not to mention the reaction of the sorcerer beast. Before the stalactites fall, it can completely disappear.

"You...what did you do??" The chief instructor had not returned to God for a long time, and finally locked his eyes on the student named Mo Fan.

The student didn't look any different, a clean, short hair, a handsome face, a bit of exhaustion in his body and look, and his hands were dead and locked in another **** young boy. I am going to take him out of the cave step by step.

Mo Fan raised his head and his eyes were full of shock.

wing! !

This general instructor has wings! !

The wing of the wind, Mo Fan knows that this is the wing of the wind, but never thought that the wing of the wind that I really saw can be so shocking.

The figure that floats in the air, and the wing of the wind behind the angels... Mom, cool!

"How did you do it?" The chief instructor was still unbelievable with a few short points.

When I asked this sentence, I suddenly felt that I had asked for more.

Judging from the signs of the murder scene, it is this student named Mo Fan who used the fire to burn off the stalactites, and the stalactites squatted through the sorrowful beast.

There are still countless doubts and countless surprises in the hollow.

First of all, the student has to calm down to the extent that he would think of bringing the sorcerer beast into the cave and using stalactites as a weapon. Secondly, how did he make the stalactites stand there and the stalactites that were dropped? Through.

In short, it is really difficult for him to accept the fact that a high school student has killed a savage beast that is stronger than the demon!

"The chief instructor, I just found this blue bracelet in the cave. I don't know if I have completed the reward, my magic?" Mo Fan went to the front of the chief instructor and revealed a smile.

The hollowed out swayed his head, and suddenly realized what!

Lying in a slot! !

The instructor has not prepared any magic tools at all!

This reward is very difficult, because the cave is guarded by the sorcerer beast, and the blue bracelet is more symbolic to be there, and it is not expected that these students can get it.

In the hollowed out forecast, half of the students will be eliminated at the previous level, and the remaining half will be wiped out in the stunned beast!

I never thought... There was a student who had smashed the wolf beast!

What the **** is this! !

Even the sorrowful beast that even the teachers and instructors may not have been defeated is really killed by this student! ! !

As for the magic?

How expensive is the magic gear, how can it be sent out? ?

But now...

This student clearly completed the reward.

Mo Fan looked at the chief instructor whose face became extremely weird and had already reached for the magic.

"Cough... first save people, save people first!" Finally, the chief instructor said with a blank face.

"Oh, oh, right... I remember you said that it is a defensive magic tool, worth hundreds of thousands of defensive magic tools!" Mo Fan nodded and agreed.

The chief instructor who patted the wing of the wind and flew in a handsome shape was unstable, and almost did not escape the stalactites coming over...

Classmates, you can save people first! ! !