"next……"

"next……"

"next……"

"Zhang Hou!"

Standing on the mud monkey, who was not too far away from Mo Fan, looked back and gave Mofan a look: "Mofan, I am gone."

"work hard."

"Hey, I wish you are also a water system." Zhao Kunsan immediately talked about the cool words. > Zhang Hou is a thin monkey, and his hand is there. It is not long before a strange wind vortex appears on the awakening stone, and the teacher’s clothes are agitated.

"Very good, wind system, good talent, you must practice well, don't be lazy!" Xue Musheng's face also showed a satisfactory color.

Xue Musheng, the class teacher, was very happy, because only a dozen or so students appeared in their class. If they work hard, they can all be admitted to a good university.

Of course, the one who makes the most of himself is the No. 1 student Mu Bai, the outstanding ice talent, plus the ice-cold family behind him, the future of the pillars!

It seems that this 8th class should have the opportunity to be at the top.

"next……"

"next……"

"next……"

"噗~~~~~"

On the stone, an orange flame suddenly picked up.

This scene made the whole class suddenly open their eyes.

"Fire...Fire!"

"Rely, it is still a sister, what is this girl?"

For a time, the girl who awakened became the focus of the whole class. It is the most outstanding element in the elemental system. It is the first choice for all the magician magicians to awaken, if they can choose...

It is a pity that the fire system is more arrogant, the probability is low, and there are at most three in a class, and the probability of one tenth is not.

"She is called Zhou Min, it seems to be the daughter of one of our teachers." Someone whispered.

"It looks so beautiful, hurry to get to know."

"That can be careful. This week, Zhou Min looks very quiet and very embarrassed. It is actually a violent madness. Otherwise, how a girl wakes up is a fire system."

"It makes sense and makes sense."

"It is a woman from the mother industry, and Wenhua teacher should be very pleased to know," said Xue Musheng, the head of the class.

"Thank you, teacher."

"Next...wind system"

"Next...light system"

"Teacher, I am going to the rooftop, don't pull me." The classmate of the light department said.

"Next... water system."

"Light classmates, wait for me, I will go to the rooftop with you."

"next……"

......

At last, almost all the classes in the class were awakened. Mo Fan held the No. 48 student number and his heart was mad. I am afraid that no one is so nervous inside. On the one hand, he is the magic that he has only touched in the last three months. On the one hand, he is really worried that there will be awakening failure!

"48, Mo Fan!"

"Come to you!" Zhang Hou turned his head to encourage.

"If you buy iron in the pot, you don't have any hope. If you are lucky, you can get a water system and a light system. If you don't practice the intermediate level, you will be abolished. You have bad luck, awakening fails, hey, everything is accompanied directly. "Zhao Kun three mouthful of wind and cold words.

"Can you close your dog's mouth?" Zhang waited a little angry.

In Zhang Hou's heart, Mo Fan is his eldest brother. Although his magic score is very poor, this time he entered the Magic High School is another way, but he never wants to see Mofan awaken worse than others.

The nine-year compulsory magic education is actually laying the foundation for awakening, and also laying down various theories for the subsequent practice. It will not be scratched in the practice. If you don't learn well, on the one hand, the awakening will fail, on the other hand, the cultivation will stop.

Mo Fanmai took a step and passed through the crowd.

"It's him, it seems to be coming back from the back door."

"Who is this, it looks quite handsome." asked a little girl.

"A very scum student, I was in his next class." Another girl with a mushroom mouth and a big mouth said.

"This way, the awakening may be very bad."

"Can you wake up to success or not."

"I said, those few light, Lingshui, you don't want to be discouraged, wait until you see this Mo Fan's awakening you are very happy, this guy is a single digit, the foundation is terrible. Awakening is likely to fail." At this time, Zhao Kunsan and Zhang Houzhen were anxious, and they simply taunted.

He said that the holy light system and the Lingshui system really polished their eyes. If someone's miraculous awakening fails, then it is really too...convenient.

"Don't be jealous!" Xue Musheng glanced at Zhao Kunsan, who was in trouble.

Mu Baiyin’s mouth is slightly floating. What is necessary is Mo Fan’s public ugly. This guy is a scum. What qualifications are close to Miss Muning Xue, who is so handsome, magical talent, and so hard, Muning Snow should I will be close to myself.

"Slag, I heard that your house sold the house for you to wake up. If you want to wake up, you will find a river and jump a hundred. You will not be ashamed of your family." Mu Bai whispered Said, as Mofan passed by him.

Mo Fan saw this Mu Bai, and endured this silly x impulse, and went to the teacher Xue Musheng.

"Mo Fan, put your hand on this." Xue Musheng said calmly.

As the class teacher, Xue Musheng actually knows the situation of the student in front of him...

The magical middle school entrance examination is basically a countdown, because the top scorpion entered the Scorpio Magic High School. According to Xue Musheng, this Mo Fan is an ordinary family. There is no background, no talent, and the results are still too bad to see. It’s also a headache for my class, and it’s easy to pull down the overall assessment of the class.

Hey, no way, be yourself unlucky, I hope this kid does not really wake up, then he really has to be a laughing stock for the whole year.

Mo Fan’s hand was shaking constantly, and after all, it was still a little nervous.

"Stable, don't shake." Xue Musheng reminded.

Mo Fan grabbed his right hand with his left hand, and the successful palm of his hand was placed on the Awakening Stone.

It’s very cold, I don’t know if it’s the ice that is awakened by the individual, and there is a cold when the whole awakening...

Oh, no, how to start numbness and fever.

"Close your eyes and feel your own spiritual world!" said Xue Musheng, head of the class.

It’s a problem student, and the basic process doesn’t know.

Mo Fan rushed to do it and closed his eyes.

The so-called spiritual world people will have a void in their minds when they close their eyes. Normal people will continue to imagine in nothingness, appearing like fuzzy imaginary images like movie fragments, and completely emptying their minds. When you don't want to, your mind is nothing, like the night sky without stars.

There is nothing in the spiritual world, but when Mo Fan puts his hand on the Awakening Stone, he can feel the power of a current...

This force is transmitted from the palm to the whole body, and then suddenly, like some magical power, suddenly crossed a purple arc in his imaginary spiritual world, which is brilliant and shocking! !