Mo Fan just got out, but suddenly felt a shadow moving around.

The shadow swung down the black stone wall and appeared in front of Mo Fan. Then Mo Fan saw a woman with a bumpy figure slowly standing up from the shadow. The amazing picture made Mo Fan look a little. Lost.

Damn, what the skills are, handsome blow up! !

"Tang Yue teacher..." Mo Fan saw the woman's face, which is a very standard melon face, Liu Yemei, fox charm!

"Are you okay??" Tang Yue’s face opened with a smile of joy.

"Nothing."

When Tang Yue’s eyes turned, he quickly discovered the sly wolf beast that was nailed there like a specimen. Some of them could not be recovered.

"This... this is..." Tang Yue said in amazement.

"You have taught a very enchanting student. The wolf beast was killed by him." The chief instructor said empty.

Teacher Tang Yue opened his mouth with surprise, and looked at Mo Fan in a straight line.

Mo Fan was stared at the strange embarrassed, coughed a voice: "First save people, save people first..."

......

Outside the mountain pass, Mu Bai, Xu Zhaozhen, Zhao Kunsan, Zhang Shuhua, He Yu and so on are all awake.

The other students gradually recovered, and gathered together in the vicinity of the spring pool like the refugees, and they still trembled.

After a while, the chief instructor and Tang Yue have led Mo Fan out of the cave.

When everyone saw that Mo Fan was still alive, everyone’s face was like a ghostly expression!

To know that they have witnessed Mo Fan and Zhang Xiaohou being chased into the cave. In that case, one hundred lives will be torn by the secluded beast.

"Mo Fan... Mo Fan... You are not dead??" He Yu was finally awake, and saw that Zhang Xiaohou and Mo Fan were still alive, and the tears fell.

The squad leader Zhou Min saw that the two of them were safe and the eyes were red.

If it weren't for Mo Fan and Zhang Xiaohou who introduced the Wolf Beast into the cave, I don't know how many people will die, and they saved everyone in any case!

The other girls who had some injuries on their bodies also cried and screamed. They had been learning magic in the school and they had experienced this kind of thing.

The boys are either sitting on the ground in a daze, or the two heroes Mo Fan and Zhang Xiaohou are fortunate.

Originally thought that possessing magic, you can call for the wind and rain. In the school, they are also very proud. When they come to face the demon, they can’t even show their skills. If Mofan and Zhang Xiaohou will lead the wolf beast, the consequences will be Really unimaginable.

"Right, how did you both escape the wolf claws, and, is that one-eyed demon wolf?" Wang Sanfu and Xu Zhaozhen asked.

"That is also used to say that the one-eyed demon wolf must be killed by the hollowed out instructor. The short-selling instructors are really timely, and then slower, maybe they will be eaten." Zhao Kunsan said.

The chief instructor took a look at Zhao Kunsan, who said that the wind was cool, and could not help but laugh. The same is the student, the gap is really not big.

"Since everyone is not in danger, then I can say something." The chief instructor said short.

Everyone is sitting at the mountain pass now, the teacher is bandaging the wounds to the students, and some students are cleaning each other's blood.

"In the process of completing this reward, we have been following it all the time, and we will score outstanding students such as Zhang Xiaohou, Zhou Min, Mu Bai, Li Yueming, etc." The chief instructor said.

These words suddenly attracted a stir in the students.

It turns out that everyone has been under the coach's attention during this experience, and many people have begun to regret why they have not performed well.

"When the demon appeared... why didn't you... Do you have to wait until we are all dead?" Mu Bai said with some anger.

To be honest, he was almost killed by the demon before.

"If this sorrowful beast really wants to kill you, you are already dead, especially you!" The chief instructor snorted.

Mu Bai frowned and recalled the scene before. Indeed, if the sly wolf beast shoots his forefoot directly to him, his life is gone.

"Wait, the chief instructor, what do you say that the demon is, the wolf beast??" Zhou Min suddenly realized what, hurriedly asked.

"Yes, it is not a one-eyed demon wolf, but a wolf beast. It is a summoned beast." The hollow continued.

"I will explain to you. This suspension is a good arrangement for us and the instructors, including this summoning beast is actually the summoning beast of the Baiyang instructor. We need you to face the demon once, but don't want it. You are therefore killed by the demon..." class teacher Xue Musheng explained.

When the words came out, all the students cried!

It turned out to be a drill, but I don’t want to be so realistic. They really thought that they were dead this time.

Also, the sorcerer's fighting power is too horrible, so many of them use magic to play it does not work.

"I said how the two grandchildren Mo Fan and Zhang Xiaohou survived. It turned out to be a summoning beast..." Zhao Kun said disdainfully.

"It’s wrong to think like this. In fact, there was an accident that exceeded our expectations. This stunned beast suddenly became mad and out of control. The order of the White Summoner is no longer obeying. Just in our thought that the wolf When the beast wants to kill you, Mo Fan and Zhang Xiaohou introduce it into the cave, so your life is saved by the two of them." Zhang Jianguo said

"Oh my God, then we are so lucky." Zhang Yingyi could not help but screamed.

"What is lucky, Mo Fan and Zhang Xiaohou saved us, the two big brothers, what will be done in the future, despite the instructions, go to the fire and not quit!!"

"Thank you for coming forward, and you are our boss!"

Wang Sanpeng and Xu Zhaoxuan, although they are very proud of their good friends, this time they could not help but thank Mo Fan and Zhang Xiaohou.

Mu Bai and Zhao Kun three stood there, their faces were blue and white, and they knew where the most disgusted people actually saved their lives.

"Teacher, you can be optimistic about this cave, if the mad call of the beast is rushed out again..." Zhou Min reminded me.

"Do not worry, the summoned beast is dead." Tang Yue said.

"Well, I was killed by Mo Fan." Nodded in the air.

"Oh, kill it, kill it, this mad call of the beast... Wait, what did the general instructor say?" "Wang San fat didn't react at all, squinted and asked."

————————————————————

(say something!!!

On June 10th, 7.30 to 8.30 Sanjiang Interview was contracted by us. At that time, there were problems with emotional life, and it was difficult to rank, or other things that have nothing to do with the novel. You can ask me~~~ ~ Closer to home, return to the truth, in general interviews, chaos uncle will be seen with everyone. )

(And, the classmate who updated me on the eve of your college entrance examination, I have already advised you to calm down. You are now complaining about what is the use of me. I said, the college entrance examination is not going on this year, but also in the coming year. Re-examination, the update of the full-time mage, you did not see the spoiler for the first time, it is a regret for a lifetime. Now, blame me?)