The chief instructor also smiled bitterly: "The mad call of the beast was killed by Mo Fan."

Xue Musheng, Zhang Jianguo, Luo Yunbo, Pan Lijun, Bai Yang and other instructors and teachers suddenly became an O!

The most responsive of course is the summoner Bai Yang. He looks at this student who only has a high school. The chin is about to hit the ground! !

"My sorcerer beast... is you killing??" Baiyang asked incredulously.

"Well!" Mofan nodded.

For a time, Bai Yang’s expression became weird to the extreme, and it is certain that the summoner’s heart must have collapsed at the moment!

The sorrowful wolf beast was killed by a student who was internship for the first time! ! !

Damn, to know the result, Baiyang would rather believe that his own wolf beast crashed on the rock like a stupid rabbit, too hurting the wolf's self-esteem! ! ! !

The Baiyang instructor has lost his soul, and he must have calmed down when he writes a book at the moment.

It’s too hard!

I have never encountered such a blow in this life!

It’s important to know that their team spent a total of two months, and spent countless resources and manpower to finally conquer the sly wolf beast. As a result, the result was killed by a sophomore, which made them feel like they were instructors. what! ! !

The students are even more arrogant.

They are so clear that the sorcerer beasts are completely clear, and they are completely unilateral slaughter...

And Mo Fan, like them, are high school students, killing the wolf beast with their own power! !

Give it a sigh! !

I am really embarrassed! !

"In addition, tell you a good news, because Mo Fan completed the impossible reward, so your students in this top class will all get the results of experience A!" The general instructor said to all students.

"Really... Really??"

"Great, if you get A, I can definitely get a good magical university!!"

"Mofan, you are my reborn parents, and there is no doubt that only soap!"

"Mofan, do you have a girlfriend??" asked a girl who was saved for her life with a blushing face.

"Mofan, do you need a boyfriend?"

For a time, Mo Fan became a hero in everyone's mind.

After all, he not only saved everyone's life, but also let everyone get the most important experience A grade!

Zhao Kunsan was habitually wanting to say a few more cool words, but he was surrounded by the fierce eyes of the surrounding gods. Those words were smashed back.

Mu Bai's face is still ugly to the extreme.

He was the first person to release magic. However, there was no use for this egg. He was directly stunned by the wolf beast. In the end, Mo Fan grabbed all the scenery!

......

......

"Hey, have you heard that, the reward was completed by a student. It seems that Baiyang’s wolf beast was directly killed by the student!"

"Don't swear, scream, how powerful we are, we can't know, students can finish it. I can give the reward LCD screen to raw food," said a very strong hunter captain.

"Then go eat now." Pan Lijun glanced at the big man, and said coldly.

"Go and see it yourself, the reward is complete!"

At the station, the old birds raised their heads and found out that the reward was "completed". The following is also marked "Scorpio Magic High School High School Student - Mo Fan!"

"The trough, the trough, this young man, the courage is too big!"

This time, the old birds at the station are all dumbfounded!

The face that said to eat the LCD screen is even more difficult to see the extreme.

Mom, an egg, is there really a student who completes the reward that they may not be able to complete? ?

Soon, this news has spread throughout the station.

In addition to the military mage of Bocheng, most of the stations are hunting hunters who wander in the mountains. These hunting sorcers rely on the rewards and hunting of the demon to make a living, but with this news, the old ones of this group of stations are coming out. The birds are somewhat self-sufficient, and the ones who ridiculed the students at the beginning are the ones who are the ones.

"What about the magic... defense magic?" the hawker two bald hurriedly asked.

"The hollow boss is also a headache now. He didn't prepare the magic gear at all, because everyone knows that the student can't do it... The hollow boss is a credit-worthy person. He should buy a defensive magic gear at his own expense and give it to that name. Student," said Pan Lijun.

"The students earned a lot, and the hollow heart is bleeding!"

"In other words, will the kid be the little master of a super-big family, a renminbi luxury suit, or how can he win the demon?"

"The egg is a normal student. I heard that his father is just a driver who gives us supplies."

"That... that Nyima is perverted!"

"We have always been a team against the demon."

......

In the stone house, the chief instructor held a box in his hand and looked like a painful face.

"Mom, this kind of black-hearted businessman, sell me a skeleton shield even opened the price of 550,000, his uncle!!" smashed the mouth and shouted.

Luo Yunbo, Pan Lijun and Bai Yang are not talking.

Several military mages are secretly snickering there. Usually in this station, they have always been the boss of the hollow to make them all perfect, who knows that the hollow boss also has a time to plant.

The skeleton shield, this thing is really not cheap, the hollow boss does not know how much salary has been removed. This award is his own promise, the government is certainly not reimbursed!

"Go and call the kid, hey!" said the hollowed out.

"Big brother, I have been here all the time." Mo Fan said with one hand, and said to some instructors who were not clear-headed.

When I saw that Mo Fan was still a little bit angry, I couldn’t even understand how he killed the Wolf Beast!

"Take it, take it." The hollow handed the skeleton shield to Mo Fan.

"The chief instructor, let go?" Mo Fan said.

The mouth of the open mouth was pumped, and finally let go.

Mo Fan got this baby, and the whole person jumped.

This time, the confrontation between the front and the demon makes Mofan clear that it is not enough to have the offensive ability. Any mage who only knows the offense will be killed by the demon.

If there is a defensive magic weapon, this is really a life-saving thing before you learn to defend the magic!

"Kids, can't find a suitable job after graduation, you can come to me to report." The hollowed out understated.

Even though there are tens of thousands of disappointments in my heart, I have to admire the courage and wit of this young man.

Many of the wizards have lost their lives in the confrontation with the demon, many of them are because of the mindset, do not understand how to use limited magic skills.

Indeed, in the first stage of the Master, all the Masters have only one skill, but there are many ways to use one skill. This kid has mastered many of the true meanings that many old bird wizards may not have mastered.