"That's still the case, I want to test the magic university, I heard that higher-level magic can only be learned by the university." Mo Fan said.

The general instructor listened for a while.

Good boy, this instructor recruits you into my army is your blessing, even refused!

"Look at something, don't let me see you again." said the hollowed out.

"Right, there is only one sly wolf beast left there in that cave?" Mo Fan thought of something before leaving, and asked.

"Just one, if there is something else, you have already become a ration. How come, do you have any questions?" said the hollow.

"Nothing, just ask." Mofan nodded and glanced at the white-yang instructor next to him. "Your wolf beast can really drink."

Baiyang was puzzled for a while, but he didn't care too much.

"Hurry and roll, hurry!" said the hollowed out impatiently.

......

Mo Fan was kicked out of the barracks by roaring, and he couldn't help but smash it up: a high-ranking mage sent a piece of magic gear, as for this temper?

The skeletal shield is now on the palm of Mofan...

The whole sacral shield is just covering the palm of Mofan, and Mofan, who knows nothing about the magical gadget, is also covered.

With this slap in the face, I can really resist the attack of the demon. I really think that all the demons have obsessive-compulsive disorder. Do you have to fight on the Captain America shield?

After some research, Mo Fan finally knows how to use the sacral shield.

When the magician uses his mind to penetrate into the sacral shield, the skeletal shield automatically connects with the soul of the magician, leaving a magical imprint in the spiritual world of the magician.

After the imprint is formed, the slap-up shield will immediately fit into the magician's body.

When the magician uses the idea to motivate the imprint, the magic will appear in front of the user. The shield that appears at this time is no longer a big palm, but a shield wall that is close to one person, like a savage beast. Skills and thoughts will hurt you again!

"It's no wonder that the value of this stuff is so high. If you have this skeletal shield magic weapon when dealing with the sorcerer beast, you can put the magic out very safely." Mo Fan looked at the large diamond-shaped sickle pattern in front of his eyes. Bone shield, his face could not help but smile.

With this magic weapon, I have more capital and Mu's Yu An battle!

"In other words, I have the thunder and fire system. The two skills of Leiyin and Huozi are easy to use, but there is still no war force when facing the demon." Mo Fan could not help but think This question comes.

This time, I can kill the stunned beast. In fact, there are a lot of luck. If it is not in the cave, it will make you see stalactites in the depths of the cave. If there is a track of Zhang Xiaohou, if there is a previous student With a wave of attack, I am sure that I will be torn into pieces by the sorrowful beast. How can I complete this reward so smoothly?

"I have to learn the skills that can make people move quickly and change positions like the wind track and the ground wave. Otherwise, at a slow speed, it is possible that the star track has not been even killed by the demon!"

After this battle, Mo Fan realized how important defense and displacement skills are.

In the first stage, the system with defensive ability is only the water system. The water system is the only defensive skill in the elementary stage. In the school, everyone thinks that the water system is a chicken rib. In fact, in the battle with the monster, the water master is everyone. Reborn parents.

"I have a sacral shield in my hand. It is equivalent to having a defensive skill. So the next time I wake up, I can consider a category of displacement, such as the wind system... or, as handsome as Tang Yue. The skill of moving in the shadows."

The actual function of the wind system's first-level skill track is really excellent, and you can't get rid of the pursuit of the demon. You don't even have room to release the magic.

The wind system is a good choice, but Mo Fan feels that the dark is estimated to be more suitable for himself!

After understanding, Mo Fan knows that the skill of moving in the shadow of Tang Yue’s teacher is the ability of the shadow system!

At this stage, the magic that everyone touches is all elemental.

In fact, in addition to "Elemental Magic", there are three other major categories of magic: white magic, black magic, and dimensional magic!

Among them, the healing system is a department in white magic.

Shadow is one of the black magic.

The summoning system controlled by Baiyang is one of the sub-magic.

In the nine-year compulsory magic education and high school courses, only elemental magic is learned. I think that the three major categories of black magic, white magic, and sub-magic are only available to universities.

Now, Mo Fan has the high-risk skills of the fire system. He also possesses the skills of the overbearing control and power of the Thunder. The appearance of the skeleton shield gives him a certain degree of defense ability. What is lacking is the mobile ability.

In order to truly fight with a demon, these abilities must have the power to fight!

Shadow system!

Obviously this will be a very suitable choice for yourself.

"You have to hurry to the middle-level wizard, so you can wake up again, but I hope that the shadow system is awakened!" Mo Fanman said with anticipation.

At the beginning of the Master, everyone only awakened a department.

Mo Fan is a natural twin, it can be said that it has occupied a big advantage.

And to the mid-level Master, the magician can not only learn the middle-level magic skills, but also get a second chance to awaken, and then a new stardust!

After the awakening of the system, the combat power of the wizards is considered to be a qualitative improvement!

Like the chief instructor's short-selling, Mo Fan saw that he was playing with the flame when he first saw him, which shows that he is a fire master.

When you were in the cave, there was a shocking wind wing behind him.

Obviously, he has a wind system in addition to the fire system.

And, it can be inferred that there should be a departmental ability in the total instructor's short-selling.

The wing of the wind is the ability that the high-level wizard can master. The middle-level wizard already has a dual-system, and at the high-level wizard level, he will get the third chance to awaken and become a three-line! !

Simply put, the first-level wizard only controls the magic of a line.

The mid-level wizard will awaken again and control the dual-system magic.

The high-ranking mage is also awakened to control the three magics.

Mo Fan was a natural twin, and he started a ladder higher than others.

And there is no match between the two systems of the thunder and the fire system. It is impossible for Mofan to kill the sly wolf beast. The chief instructor always does not understand the sorcerer beast? What can't hide the falling stalactites, That is because he never thought that Mo Fan, in addition to being a fire master, also possesses the stardust of the thunder, which is the paralyzed effect of the thunder and the wolf beast cannot move!

"I have a small muddy pendant, and I have doubled my cultivation time more than others. The improvement will be much faster than others. However, only the two skills of Leiyin and Huozi are really not enough. On the one hand, I have to reach the middle-level Master level as soon as possible, so that I can not only have the middle-level skills of the Fire Department and the Thunder system, but also one more skill. The skill is not to be crushed!"

Well, well, come on!

How did the slogans of all the boys in the eight classes shout? ?

Yes, make money, practice, and swear by the moon!