......

The speed of cultivation is not fast enough!

Even though Mofan has twice the cultivation time of others, plus the 20% cooling of the Stardust Demonizer reduces the BUFF, and the time is evenly distributed to the two dice, which is only a little more than the stupidity of Mu Bai.

If you don't want to easily expose the thunder ability in front of others, this advantage alone is not enough to fight the RMB players of the Mu family!

The question is, what exactly can you do to maximize your strength?

Very mentally handicapped to Baidu search, the answer is: buy Stardust Magic!

This answer is basically broken into dogs.

No nonsense, the Stardust Magic is of course the best way to improve the cultivation. The question is, can the Stardust Magic be affordable?

In Mo Fan's opinion, it seems that there is no better way than the Stardust Magic!

"What if I lift the little muddy pendant to the spirit level? Like the one that Muning Snow carries with him..."

"The versatile Stardust Magic only provides 20% of the cultivation bonus. If you upgrade to the Spirit level, you will get 40%. Even if I take both the lightning system and the fire system, it can be much faster than most people. Muning Snow, her start is much higher than me. Since she can be admitted directly by the Emperor, it means that her strength must exceed and even meet the requirements of the university. If she continues to practice so slowly, there is no such thing. So long enough to be killed by the Mu family. Mofan does not regret that he has erected such an enemy, and the enemy's oppression can force himself to do everything he can to improve his strength.

Right now, the only thing that can quickly improve itself seems to be the Stardust.

Teacher Tang Yue said that his little muddy pendant can be upgraded by absorbing the demon's death soul, which means that he has to kill the demon. If you are lucky, you will explode a spirit, and your little muddy will be upgraded into a spirit. Level!

This 40% of the cultivation bonus is simply a rocket for the magician who is more than twice the speed of cultivation!

"It seems that this is the only way."

......

Since you have a decision, do it boldly!

God gave himself such a good advantage. If it is scornful, it will be a waste wood.

At the end of the experience, there is still a month or so in this summer. Mo Fan did not hesitate to step into the Hall of the Hunters League.

The Hunters League, an organization that brings together idle hunter teams, thousands of Hunting Masters find their own suitable rewards in the Hall of Hunters every day.

Mo Fan has already seen it, and the price of a fine market in the city has already reached 5 million yuan.

Going to hunt for the demon is the only way Mo Fan can get money now. Can you make up for this 5 million without saying that at least the wreckage and fineness are obtained by hunting the demon, this road will be his only select.

Dealing with the demon alone?

Mo Fan directly shook his head and denied that he did not have the ability to deal with the demon alone, so what he has to do now is to find a suitable hunter squad.

Almost all of the wizards who are in the Hunter League, most of them are in a small team, and there are very few people who can hunt monsters alone.

......

In the hunter hall, people come and go, it feels like a big stock hall, and it is like a job fair.

On the wall of the hunter's hall is a huge LCD screen with the latest rewards. The price is marked with a reward. The lowest reward is 100,000, and the high reward can reach one million.

Mo Fan looked at those million-level rewards, and the saliva would flow out.

Complete 5 rewards of this level, you can buy a fine to upgrade the small mud.

Unfortunately, that is not something that ordinary people can do!

"The Hammer Squad is recruiting a Ice Master. It requires more than 3 years of combat experience. There is a sense of teamwork. The most important thing is that the ice skills are well mastered. The reward is received. The average salary is 20,000 RMB. It is expected to be within 2 months. carry out!"

"The wind master, the squad is in short supply of a wind master who can lead the one-eyed demon wolf, other departments do not disturb!"

"Fire Department, Fire Master, where are you, join our gale team, ensure efficiency to complete the reward, sit and collect money!"

Mo Fan swept away and found that many of the wizards who came to join the team, Zhen Ni Ma is carrying a resume.

There seems to be a clear proof of their entry time on the resume, how many rewards have been completed, and even a reward level.

Mo Fan really looked dazzled, and for a time I really didn't know how to choose.

It seems that the magicians who just graduated are often rejected by no one. After all, they have too little experience in dealing with the demon. If they are accidentally killed in the face of the demon, who dares to graduate from the magician.

And Mo Fan, Nima has not graduated yet, just a magic student who has just been a sophomore. This kind of magical student is simply a cumbersome and pitted teammate. It can be seen from the experience, to find the right team too. Difficult.

"Mom, when a mage is going to have qualifications, this year..." Mo Fan could not help but swear.

Mo Fan just finished, a person hurriedly ran past Mofan, hit Mofan more embarrassing.

"I'm sorry, sorry, the city safari team is recruiting new players, I have to try it, I am embarrassed to hit you." A weak young man with thick glasses hurried to Mofan.

"City hunting demon team?" Mo Fan asked with some doubts.

"Yeah, you don't know, it is to specifically remove the hidden dangers of the city and hunt some demons that are likely to lurk in the city. The city's hunting demon team has always been the first choice of all hunting wizards. After all, it can be done in the city. Guardian hunters, who love to run to the wilderness to face the unknown life and death, not to mention the city's safari team has always been very high compensation ..." glasses young people said with glasses.

"I said Tong Yubin, you should not waste time. Like a magician who graduated from high school in magical high school, you have no experience, and you have no strength. The city hunting demon team cannot see you unless you are a Lei Master. "An old hunter next to him laughed.

"I... I will give it a try." The young girl Tong Yubin said.

"They recruited the thunder master?" Mofan eyes brightened and asked quickly.

The city's safari team, which means acting in the city, is a very suitable errand for Mo Fan who is still learning at school.

In the wilderness, God knows how many days before a reward can be completed.

"The Thunder system has always been the most sought-after for each team. Even a little experience has not been the team of the Lei Masters. They are very willing to train. After all, the Master of the Thunder is too fucking, and the skills are overbearing. Oh, my mother, if The awakening is the thunder, it will not be affected by the old birds all day long!" said the old hunter.

——————————

(No. 10, that is, 7:00 pm on Wednesday, Interview with Sanjiang, I will talk to you about the ideals, talk about life, talk about velvet, talk about the bird's nest, and the friends of the League, Ah! Yes! Ruidi???)