"Oh, oh!" Mo Fan was happy in his heart.

It turns out that the Thunder Master is so fragrant in the Hunter League.

It is no wonder that there is not necessarily one of the Thunder Masters, and the skill of the Thunder is not inferior to the fire system, but also the effect of muscle numbness and convulsions on the demon, and there are Thunder Masters, the whole The hunter squad can greatly reduce the degree of hunting the demon!

Very good, I have successfully found a way to make money and improve my combat ability!

"However, in order not to expose my natural twins, I still do some disguise, on the one hand, don't let people recognize it, on the other hand, it looks mature, and I am still too high school!" Mo Fan had a decision, and soon I found a black crayon.

It’s not difficult to change things. Mo Fan just puts his face black and puts on a gray long cloak sweater.

Wearing a hat to reveal a black and angular face, the whole person's temperament is completely different!

I found the city's safari team and saw the queue of long dragons, and I couldn't help but squat.

Nima, this has caught up with the civil service exam registration!

Row bar, can only line up, first interview, and then try again, it looks like the interviewer is still a pretty sweet woman.

......

"What are some of the goods, these idiots think that our city hunting demon team is sitting and waiting for the leisurely occupation of the public meal!" behind the recruitment desk, a burly man with a gauze wrapped around his head said!

"Captain, don't worry, so many people recruit, there will always be good!" said a man with a very stylish bud hat but with a round head.

"In fact, this is a good, mastered the second-level track? Flash step, can track and pull the demon very well." The girl who looked very weak behind the burly man said.

"I can do it with the wind system, but also have someone else?" said the wind-skinned master who wore a long hair and looked very elegant.

"These are just considering the choice, but still did not see me satisfied." The burly man wrapped in gauze said.

"Or, if you are honest, this guy is more clever. In fact, the really powerful mage basically has his own fixed team, and he will rarely wander here. According to me, Ah Cheng, his fire system can still give the demon. Enough power." The windy wizard of the long flowing hair said.

The captain shook his head helplessly: "It seems that it can only be like this."

The voice just fell, the sweet-looking girl recruited hurriedly ran over and slammed into the captain's chest.

"Ah... ah, sorry." Recruiting girl's cheeks flushed, and hurriedly said, "There is... a thunder... Lei Master applied to join our city safari team."

"Real and false??" The burly captain was in the spirit of the whole person, and his eyes were shining toward the recruitment dragon.

The other players are just as shiny and shining.

Ray Master!

Their city safari team is indeed more popular than other squads, but this does not mean that the Thunder Master is willing to join the army.

Lei Fa Shi has always been a guest of all hunters, and even some of the more elite teams do not mind bringing a Lei Fa Shi rookie.

To know that the rookie can be cultivated, but one-thousandth of the thundermasters can't find it with a lantern!

Too many Lei Fa Shi are booked, and it is easy to be sucked away by some big families and big organizations. The probability of getting a wild Lei Fa is too small and too small! !

"Is that one?" The burly captain was unable to sit still and walked out from the background.

"Yes... yes, captain, do you want to interview in person?" said the recruiting girl stuttering.

"Interview... What do you try?" The burly captain turned his head in confusion.

Recruiting girls and other team members is even more puzzled. What did the captain ran when he didn’t interview himself?

At this point, I saw that the captain had already reached the recruitment desk. He glanced at Mofan, who looked a bit dark on his cheek, and asked: "Are you a Lei Fa?"

Mo Fan glanced at the burly fierce man, slowly raising his hand, and an arc passed through his fingers, turning into a screaming elf at the table and giving the table a step. Electric coke a small hole.

The burly captain had a more open face and nodded happily.

"You...you don't have to wait in line, we recruited people!" The burly captain was also domineering, and he bowed directly to the long team.

This shouting, the Changlong team is not happy.

楸 "I rely on, by what, we have not interviewed yet?"

"Yeah, I am strong, I can finish the magic in less than 4 seconds."

"There is nothing wrong with it. The recruiting mages have the back door. The world is really unfair. I don't want to stay in the wilderness!"

A group of people complained again and again that they really had great expectations for this position.

"If you are a mine, the captain is also admitted." The burly captain did not make sense at all, and once again stunned.

Everyone was dumbfounded.

"The trough, the thunder??"

"There is nothing wrong with it, the Thunder also ran out to grab our rice bowl, this day has not been sent!!"

"Oh, the Thunder, then I have a hair test, go to another house to see."

As soon as he heard the thunder, everyone would pull his head like a defeated cock.

No way, the Thunder is the first element, and it has an unparalleled advantage. These people are not interested in any competition.

Mo Fan turned his head and found that the queue was suddenly scattered, and his heart was secretly surprised.

At the time of school, I knew that the Lei system was particularly valued. I don’t think that in this magical society, the Thunder has such a crushing ability.

If you think about it carefully, in the face of the secluded beast, it is indeed the thunder of the Thunder that can really play a decisive role. It can not only hurt the demon, but also make its muscles paralyzed!

"Come, come, come, little brother, welcome to join our city hunting demon team, I will introduce you to our team members... Oh, oh, let me introduce myself first, I am the captain of the city hunting demon team, Xu Dachen, the fire department. Master," said the burly captain.

"Hello, my name is Xiao Ke, the water master." The girl who looked very weak, smiled sweetly.

"Li Wenjie, the wind system." The handsome young man licked his long flowing hair, and said with a spring breeze.

"It’s good to call me a fat stone. I am a soil." The man with a rounded face with a bud hat said with a smile.

Mo Fan looked at the wizards who were obviously older than themselves, and introduced them a little later: "My name is Van Gogh."

"Van ink, I saw your blank resume, which means that you are a little rookie who hasn't really seen it yet, so I have to remind you, don't think that you are a thunder, how to be great, be careful of you. I have to live my life!" said a woman with a certain amount of beauty.

Mo Fan glanced at the woman and felt that she was familiar.

"Oh, this is our vice captain Cai Yan, ice system!" Captain Xu Dawei said with a smile.

Choi? ?

Damn, it turned out to be this woman! !

Mo Fan finally recognized it, this color is also with Mu's family, and a copy of the girl is a princess's proud look, very difficult to get along!

Egg pain, how to meet the Mu's family in the place, it seems that I was admitted to a good magic university earlier, leaving the city is wonderful.

(Tonight at 7:30, starting Chinese network, interview with Sanjiang, I am waiting for you there, let me come over!)