"Well, Van Gogh, we will give you the relevant documents of the city hunter later." Captain Xu Daqian said.

"Is there a document?" Mofan said a little strangely.

"Of course." Fei Shi smiled and explained, "This document can have many privileges. You are now equivalent to a law enforcement officer in this Bocheng!"

"You mean, I have become a glorious city management now?" Mofan said with an eyebrow.

"Ha ha ha, we are urban management." Li Wenjie suddenly laughed and waited until the laughter stopped. "The difference is that our urban management team has not cleaned up the illegal traders, the market, but the unruly rules. And something that comes out at night!!"

Bocheng City Management?

Mo Fan couldn't help but float his mouth. This position is quite appetizing for himself. There is a kind of Spider-Man, Flash, and Iron Man who can save the taste of this city. Then he can also engage in mystery and bubble. What!

Mo Fan's integration into the atmosphere is very fast, fat stone, the elderly and experienced big brother has already introduced Mofan to the situation of the team and their main duties.

"Hey...what, why don't you report it to us early?? What international jokes, those policemen can use a wool thread!" When talking and laughing, Captain Xu Danang was roaring at the dialogue.

Li Wenjie, Xiao Ke, Fei Shi and other people who are joking with Mo Fan this new team suddenly turned to look serious, watching their captain Xu Daqian.

At this time, Fei Shi wrinkled his brow, and whispered to Mo Fan, who still had some doubts. "I still want to invite you to have a few drinks. I didn't think that you just got into the team and we have to work. No accident. It should be the canteen of the Inscription Girls’ High School."

"Canteen shakes the door?" Mo Fan squinted.

I heard the car shock, the water shock, the Tian Zhen, Nima heard the canteen earthquake for the first time, and people in your city would really play!

"Brother, you are too evil...not what you think, that is, every night, the canteens of their school will have some inexplicable tremors. At first, I thought that there was any engineering team nearby to build in the middle of the night. Later, I sent people to go to the night. Keeping the report is that there is no construction team at all in the middle of the night, so the campus has been flowing into the legendary inscriptions of the women's high school school cafeteria." Fei Shi whispered to Mo Fan.

"You said Inscription Women's High School??" Mo Fan suddenly realized what, and asked.

"Yeah, all the girls' schools, even the teachers are... oh, cough!" The fat stone was just over.

Mo Fan, but I can't get rid of it, Ye Xinxia is in the girl's middle school. I remember that when I talked with Ye Xinxia about two months ago, she seemed to have said that their canteen was terrible.

"Well, if the students have not started school, we will solve this problem immediately!" said Captain Xu Daqian.

Putting down the phone in his hand, there was no smile on Xu Dayang’s face.

Li Wenjie, Xiao Ke, Guo Caizhen, and Fei Shi’s eyes all looked at their captain.

"There was an accident, there was a second girl missing." Xu Dawei said with a calm voice.

Everyone is frowned.

As early as a few months ago, there was a girl missing in the Inscription Girls’ High School. Since the school was unable to determine whether the girl was missing in the school, it was always handled by the police. After a few months, there was still not a little bit. clue.

This incident has the last morning report, but it is easy for everyone to forget that a city says less than a million people. The disappearance of the population is not a strange thing for the police.

Xu Dayang and his team have been to the Inscription Girls’ High School. The school did not intend to make this happen, nor did it intend to let the city hunters shoot, so it’s gone, who knows that a girl disappeared six months later. One time it was really missing in school.

The school finally realized that there was a big problem, and it was hurried to find the city hunting demon team.

"Captain, if the personnel are missing, should you still find the police??" Xiao asked.

“There was a light mage who found some footprints that were not human.” Xu Dawei said seriously.

Others were silent at once. Instead, Li Wenjie was full of people, and he was obviously happy to have a job.

"It took us a week to tell us that it was a bunch of idiots. If we inform us immediately, we might as well search for the missing girl. It’s been a long time, and the girl is dead!"

"Some schools are like this. Everyone wants to cover up bad things. Once they can't cover up, they know big things!" Guo Caizhen snorted.

Mo Fan listened to the inexplicable jump in the discussion of everyone.

Was it missing for a week? ? ?

It seems that Ye Xinxia has not contacted himself for a whole week! !

There is no money to buy a mobile phone relationship. Mo Fan always calls Ye Xinxia through the old telephone booth, and talks at least once a week.

I have just returned from the experience, I have been thinking about how to improve my own strength, and I forgot to have a peace with Ye Xinxia.

Xiaogu Moqing’s family is near the Inscription Girls’ High School. Even if she spends a lot of time on the summer vacation, she will be immersed in the school library. It is extremely inconvenient for her to walk.

Mo Fan became more and more worried, and hurriedly borrowed a mobile phone from Fei Shi.

"The number you dialed has been down."

Mo Fan’s heart jumped.

"I will be with you later!" Mo Fan said nothing, flew directly out of the Hunter League hall.

"Hey, wait, ah, take my mobile phone, we will contact you!" Fei Shi shouted toward Mo Fan.

While shouting, Fei Shi threw his mobile phone to Mo Fan running outside.

"Brother, it’s too dangerous to throw a mobile phone like this. What if the kid doesn't catch up?"

"Nothing, my Nokia is not afraid of falling."

"Big Brother, I mean what to do with the dead!!"

"..."

"What is he doing, his face suddenly so ugly?"

"Who knows, no matter what, let's get to work."

......

(Hey, after updating this chapter, have a dinner, I can wait for everyone in the interview in Sanjiang!)