Mo Fan is anxious, at this time he hopes that he has the ability to shift and can quickly reach the Inscription Girls' High School.

Sitting in a slow taxi, killed the younger brother Mo Qingjia.

Flying to the Xiaogu's house, Mo Fan just wanted to turn the corner but almost hit a girl in a wheelchair.

"Mofan brother." Ye Xinxia smiled sweetly and was shocked and happy.

"Heart summer, you are fine, scared me." Seeing Ye Xinxia's smile, Mo Fanxin calmed down.

"what's wrong?"

"How do you hit your phone and say that it is down?"

"Arrears, I am not willing to pay." Ye Xinxia lowered his head, and some embarrassed said.

"..."

Ok, the girl just wants to save a little money.

No matter what, nothing is fine, which makes Mo Fan loose the whole person.

"Is the experience still smooth?" Ye Xinxia handed Mo Fan a handkerchief.

At this year, there are too few girls with handkerchiefs. It is not the summer of literature, but the handkerchief saves.

Mo Fan wiped the sweat, and sniffed the smell of the handkerchief, oh, or the seductive body fragrance. I had no taste before stealing it... Hey, accidentally exposed his wretchedness.

"I heard that there are girls missing in your school," Mo Fan said.

"Well, um." Ye Xinxia nodded heavily. "It’s terrible. During this time, my aunt will not let me go to school."

"You tell me what is going on."

"It’s the girl in my next class. She is Lin Yuner. I was in the library on the day of her disappearance. She also greeted me and went back to the dormitory. I have never seen her since then. Didn't take her to leave school." Ye Xinxia said quietly.

Seeing that she remembered this thing still pale, Mo Fan also patted her on the shoulder.

"So, you are the last person to see her?" Mofan asked.

"Well, the police have asked me many times, but I know so much. But..." Ye Xinxia lowered his head.

"What's wrong?" Mo Fan asked.

"After leaving the library, I smelled a strange smell. It smelled like a scent from a place in the school cafeteria. But our library was far from the cafeteria. I was so strangely chilly at the time. Just... It’s like something is staring at me, I’m scared, and I’m leaving there in a hurry.” Ye Xinxia said.

Mo Fan frowned, she was already close to danger at the time!

"Mofan brother, if I don't leave so early..." Ye Xinxia's mood is very lost.

"Yeah, fortunately, you left early, or you may become the missing girl." Mo Fan was secretly glad.

Ye Xinxia shook her head and blamed herself with a voice that almost she could hear: "I think the horrible thing started with me. I hurriedly left it and turned it to Lin Yuner, who was alone. I ... I should go to Lin Yuner and let her leave school with me."

Mo Fan listened to Ye Xinxia’s self-blame and didn’t know what to say for a while.

This girl, what I want in my brain.

If she doesn't leave early, maybe two people are missing together. If there is something unclean in the school, how can the resistance of the two girls be resisted?

"How can you blame you, even if you tell Lin Yuner, she will say that you are surprised, you are sharper than others, but you are inconvenient to move, you can protect yourself is already a great thing." Every soft voice comforted.

"Mofan brother, you said Lin Yuner, will she already have..."

"Most... Oh, no, certainly not, I know, I am now a member of the Urban Hunting Devils. This will be solved. How can I make my lovely heart stay in such a dangerous campus? !" Mo Fan said with a chest.

This is Mo Fan’s heart.

To know that the inscription woman has learned such a thing, even if it is not the city hunting demon team, he will also come here. Ye Xinxia has lost a very important thing when he grows up. Mo Fan said that she can’t let her have wheelchairs. In the case of his youth, he is also hurt by anything else.

She is so pure and kind. When she was a child, she was beaten by children in other districts. She was afraid of being scolded by her father. Mo Fan would hide in Ye Xinxia’s home. Ye Xinxia would carefully clean the bandages and wounds, even red. Face to help yourself lie...

From then on, Mo Fan secretly vowed to take good care of her and not let her suffer a little bit of harm.

"These days, you stay at home, wait for us to clean up the things that hurt people?..." Mo Fan took a picture of Ye Xinxia's cerebellum.

"Well, um." Ye Xin Xia Qiao nodded his head.

After knowing that Mo Fan was a Thunder Master, Ye Xinxia really had a lot of peace of mind, and she could feel that her Momo brother was getting stronger little by little.

He started from a very ordinary boy to a magician, and now to the city's safari team, it seems that every time he sees him, he will see his changes, so he can guess that he did not see him. During the period, he must work very hard.

"Mofan brother, are you experiencing exposure?"

"No, why are you asking?"

"You almost couldn't recognize it."

"..."

......

After leaving the Xiaogu family, Mo Fan stepped on the Inscription Women's Middle School.

Mom, an egg, a city, a campus, there will be such a terrible thing, let the flowers of the motherland grow up in such an environment, the teacher can bear, unbearable!

The beautiful girls in the inscription middle school, don’t panic, don’t be afraid, your dark horse prince has come to save you from the fire! !

"boom!"

A handsome kick kicked the door of the school, Mo Fan has been enjoying the thousands of girls in the short skirts, the white flowers and the girls are admiring the gaze, who knows at a glance, the entire campus is empty, and several are scared in the flower garden. The stray cat came out of his head and looked at Mofan at the gate with his contemptuous gaze. He said, "Where is the stupid|forced, scared to death!"

Oh, oh, forget that this will still be a summer vacation, and the girls have not started school.

"Well? You are still coming earlier than me." Only a moment later, a woman’s voice came from behind.

Mo Fan looked back and found that it was the proud Guo Caizhen.

In addition to a pair of very full chest and thin legs, this woman is pleasing to the eye, and the whole body exudes the temperament of "bad mother"!