“What did you find?” Guo Caizhen asked.

"I asked the last person who saw the missing girl. She said that she smelled the rancid smell of the canteen. It was basically confirmed that there was either a metamorphosis in the canteen or a demon." Mo Fan pushed himself to reflect the wisdom of the light. Glasses, what Conan said, ah, there is only one truth!

"Yes, then you are going to the cafeteria tonight, and we are going to the teaching building, the inscription park hill, the dormitory building, and the playground." Guo Caizhen said that he was a bit high-spirited.

"That... Why isn't I guarding the dormitory? I heard that there are still many boarding students staying in school, and their safety is still handed over to..." Mo Fan said.

"The fat stone is enough there."

Mo Fan had a painful egg. The fat stone looked like the strange uncle who would steal the girl's underwear. Let him watch the girls' dormitory. The girls are even more dangerous!

......

At night, Mo Fanzhen was assigned to the cafeteria.

The dining hall of the Inscription Girls' High School is very large, like a large conference hall. This is an aristocratic school. The dining room is so spacious and luxurious. It is like a canteen in the Scorpio Magic High School. Nima wants to hide something in the dining hall. Aunt used the broom to blast it out.

The black lacquered canteen has only a few lights in the distance to illuminate a few positions, and the neat table dining chair is placed there in a cold and clear place, lingering in the corner of Mo Fan’s mind, thinking about the summer girls wearing short skirts. The picture of the meal here is full of fragrance and spring...

"Boom!!"

"Boom!!!"

“咚咚咚!!!!”

Suddenly, I didn’t know where the sound was coming from.

An iron spoon that was forgotten to be taken away with the shaking of the table and chair also shook, and slowly moved toward the corner of the table.

The iron spoon fell and squatted on Mofan's head. Mofan's eye quickly caught the small iron spoon that almost touched his position.

Damn, in the evening, it would be boring to eat an ice cream and the evidence left by him almost exposed his whereabouts.

"This canteen is really weird. What is it shocking? I feel that there is a construction team below. It is difficult for someone to repair the prison area below. Recently, the color of the country is very popular." Mo Fan secretly explored. Head, look around.

“咕咕~~咕咕咕~~~~~~”

Suddenly, a very strange low-pitched sound came from the position of the cafeteria.

Accompanied by this voice, Mo Fan immediately smelled the smell of food, what amaranth, clam meat, pickles.

"Grass, is there a demon??" Mofan was in a tight heart.

Before entering the city's hunting demon team, Mo Fan always thought that the city is a very peaceful and peaceful world. The demon thing is that the adults have compiled children who are scared and do not sleep. I did not expect that the city is lurking in the demon. What Qing said at the beginning was not fake!

Think about it too. A city is so big, there are too many unknown places. Even if there is a monster that has a life, the police will press it and then solve it secretly. The impact of crowd panic is far greater than what happened.

Mo Fan pulled out the pager and went down in his pocket.

This pager is very simple, it will give the teammates a signal and positioning, let them know that they have a situation!

“咕咕咕!!咕咕咕!!!!!”

The pager glimpsed, and the food in the cafeteria seemed to sense the fluctuation of the signal. A blue-eyed eye was strangely explored from the block glass, directly locking the Mofan that sent the signal.

The pupil is as big as a basketball, and the sarcoma with its eyes turned up not only makes the goose bumps all climb.

By reflecting the light, Mo Fan can roughly see a silhouette...

That is a neck.

Big enough to hold a thick tree neck, neck and head are completely unclear, in general, the head is roughly a basketball big eyes and a mouth full of bun food! !

"Grass mud horse, these demons bring their own wireless receiver, I can also detect it by a signal!" Mo Fan was arrogant in his heart.

With one click on the signal, this big-eyed eye has locked himself. The alien stars in the American Hollywood blockbuster are not so capable!

"Hey!!"

Suddenly, the big eyes of the neck are like what is condensing, you can see that its basketball pupil is violently shrinking!

The energy reaches the critical point, and a blush of light is shot from the monster's pupil!

The blushing light first broke through the glass window of the students and the canteen aunt Tianshui, and then flew through the row of canteen dining tables, and went straight to the place where Mo Fan was! !

Mo Fan almost scared the urine.

This thing even attacks without attacking, attacking himself. The cold eyes are even more like the aunt of the canteen when you want her to have more meat.

Fortunately, Mo Fan is not the first time to deal with the demon, with his own reaction, immediately turned to the side of the canteen!

In the next second, Mofan had a black hole in the position where he had just been. If he hadn't escaped, the hole appeared in Mofan's chest.

The strength of Stardust will change the physique of the magician to a certain extent. Although this change is not very obvious, it also prevents the magician from even avoiding some obvious attacks.

Mo Fan was also wise. He chose a place closest to the door from the beginning. This rollover made him escape from the canteen.

However, everything was not as simple as that of Mofan. The big-eyed scream made a harsh scream from the canteen and the kitchen rushed out. Its huge eyes once again had scarlet things condensed.

Mo Fan looked back and was even more shocked.

The attack frequency of this cargo is so fast, I am afraid I can't escape it!

Mo Fan has begun to use his mind to trigger the magic mark in his soul, to call out the bone shield to help him resist.

"Shui Yu·Resolve!"

Mo Fan just finished, and a clearing voice came from the basketball court not far away.

Then, Mo Fan saw a stream of water in the air, which was like a ribbon, softly fluttering in front of himself, and quickly intertwined into a curved water shield.

The scarlet-penetrating light hit the shield of this water ribbon, and it was completely decomposed. The scarlet energy suddenly became skillful with this broken water. The spotted drops of water are scattered at the foot of Mofan!

Mo Fan immediately canceled the call of the skeleton shield, and turned his head to the side, just to see the girl named Xiaoke smiled sweetly at himself, revealing two cute little tiger teeth.

Small?

Girl, how come you are so special! !