"Van Mo, you retreat to the back, this animal is handed over to us!" Captain Xu Daqian and Fei Shi arrived.

These two people seem to be stepping on the elevator of the accelerated version of the moving walkway. There is no stepping out of the pace, but the body has moved to the ground along the ground, comparable to the sorghum in the **** of food!

Mo Fan knows that this is the first-class skill of the soil system - the ground wave!

The ground wave is also a displacement class skill. It can control the rapid movement of the surface by controlling the movement of the surface. Wang Sanfa will also do this, but Wang Sanfei has no fat skill at all.

"This is a giant-eyed gorilla, who has lived in the soil for a long time, and has mastered the hole. He prefers to live in a place where the city's sewers cannot find it. The neck can stretch, and the eyes will release a dark beam of light that penetrates the blush... Like the muffles, the speed of reproduction is extremely fast and the survivability is strong. There are so many hidden in the soil of the underground roads and garbage dumps of a city. Generally, only the human remains are cold and cold, unless they are hungry to a certain extent. People, belong to the very embarrassing and ubiquitous demon!" Soon, the vice captain Guo Caizhen gave the information of this monster.

Giant eyed gorilla? ?

In the demon class, it seems that there are a few special lessons to say, it is the master of survival and burrowing in the ground, the blue Xiang in the demon!

I don't all say that this kind of thing encounters a magician who may scare the urine to escape, why this guy dare to shoot himself!

"This is obviously very arrogant. It is estimated that it is hunger, it needs a lot of food and energy, but we have to find out!" Fei Shi said with a smile.

Unlike the group of students who first encountered the demon and scared the dog, whether it was the captain Xu Dachen, the sister Xiaoke, the wind mage, Guo Caizhen or the uncle fat stone, they were completely different in the face of the giant-eyed gorilla. Kind of gesture.

They stand in a squad, but they maintain a distance that they can meet each other.

They form an offensive formation and ensure that they can retreat as soon as they are in danger.

Only Mo Fan, the newly joined team stood on a very awkward point. It looked like he had been told by his teammates that "I am going to retreat, I am single-handed with this beast". In fact, he is step by step to his teammates. Moving behind him, the heart of the fat stone does not give himself a wave.

“咕咕咕~~~~~~~~~~~!”

This giant-eyed squirrel was really violent, and he saw that many people could not escape. Its eyes immediately locked away from Li Wenjie, who had recently been the wind master.

It is a dark red light beam. The animals that live in the dark corners of the human city seem to be able to pierce all the things that are moving in the field. The sharp voices are particularly fierce in the night campus.

"Want to attack me?" Feng Wenshi Li Wenjie has a calm and chic.

Mo Fan hardly saw Li Wenjie deliberately concentrate on the spirit of the star track, there is a blue wind trail appearing in his body, blowing his white shirt constantly agitated.

"Hey!"

The blushing light hits, Li Wenjie has left a disorderly airflow in the original place, and his body shape has already flashed five meters away. How can it be described as handsome and handsome?

"Idiot, this is also the ability to dare to harm people!" Li Wenjie stayed in front of the pong table, said sneer to the giant-eyed gorilla.

The giant-eyed squirrel sees his own beam of light ineffective for this flexible human being, and is even more angry and mad at the sharp limbs.

With a strange neck and head, the speed of the giant-eyed squirrel is even more agile than the savage beast that Mofan had seen before. It is killing the students at this speed, and the students can calmly finish. Star Track, I am afraid it is too late to release!

Most of the students' release process took about 4 seconds. The giant-eyed gorilla was killed in the face of Li Wenjie from 40 meters in just 2 seconds. His claws were taken to Li Wenjie's face.

Mo Fan could not help but be shocked, afraid that Li Wenjie would die.

Looking around, whether it is the small water system or the fat stone of the soil system, they did not save the meaning of Li Wenjie.

"Wind track, flash step!" Li Wenjie did not have a trace of panic in his eyes, but his eyes were very calm and watched the giant-eyed gorillas who had been killed, and spit out the name of the skill.

"嗖~~!"

Li Wenjie's body shape disappeared again in the same place. The claw of the giant-eyed gorilla was photographed on the stone table tennis table, and the stone table was shot at the end of the stone.

After the beast found out that a paw had fallen, he immediately went to Li Wenjie.

"嗖~~~!"

Li Wenjie stepped on the steps and once again left a raised dust and quickly flashed 20 meters away.

“嗖~~~!!”

Li Wenjie paused a little under a kapok tree, and once again quickly drifted out of Mo Fan's line of sight.

Immediately afterwards, a blushing beam of light hit the kapok tree that Li Wenjie had just stopped. The kapok tree was directly pierced through a hole, just like the kapok that was thrown into the trash can after the aunt’s towel. The pieces fall into pieces.

Wind track, flash step! !

Mo Fan looked amazed.

In the school, all the students in the wind department are mastered by the wind track and the disease. The disease can basically run fast along the path of the wind that has been produced, and the action is fast. But there is no such thing as a quick change of direction like Li Wenjie's track and flash step!

At the beginning, Zhang Xiaohou also mastered the wind track and flash step. He could definitely play the sly wolf beast for a few laps, and it was not so embarrassing to be chased to the bottom of the cave.

It is also the first-level skill-wind track, but it can be felt that the effect is obviously not at one level. The sensitivity of the giant-eyed gorilla is still above the sorcerer beast, and finally Li Wenjie's clothes corner can't be touched.

Sure enough, the things I learned at school are too limited. Only in such an environment, only by constantly fighting can I really improve my strength.

It is definitely a wise choice to choose a hunter, and only those hunting hunters who can face the demon can change their color quickly, and those who see the demon scare their diaper are really no future. !

It wasn't Mofan's opinion on his classmates, but after experiencing the battle with the savage beast, Mofan suddenly realized too much.

Chasing the assessment, chasing the results, chasing the target, demon class, analyzing the combat skills, when the real encounter with the demon, there is no egg, only the battle, only to face the real demon like this.

"Taste the taste of the flame!"

Captain Xu Daran confidently fluttered, and the palm of his hand did not know when a flame had risen. He was burning hot, and the fire was red. The burly man couldn’t help but rise up with a bit of disdainful mouth!