"Fire nourish!"

Xu Dayang shouted loudly, and the very strong flame in his hand broke through the night of the school's fascination, and it was very dazzling to fly toward the giant-eyed gorilla.

The giant-eyed gorilla feels the heat behind it, and it immediately subconsciously wants to avoid it.

The move of the giant-eyed squirrel made Mofan slightly surprised. This thing was so keen, and the captain Xu Da-yal’s release speed was already very fast, and he was still aware of it.

This fire is obviously going to fall, and the demon is obviously not the school's puppet target will stand there to attack the mage.

"hide?"

"is that useful?"

Xu Da is full of ridicule.

That fire has fallen to the position of the giant-eyed gorilla, and it is obvious that it did not hit the giant-eyed gorilla.

"burst!"

Finally, Xu Dawei fiercely spit out the suffix of skills.

At that time, the group of fires that had to be burned in the air alone radiated a hot fire, and immediately saw a small flame suddenly burst out in that place! !

“嘭~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!!”

A hot fire group has an explosion effect, and the powerful fire wave spreads around the center with the location of the fire.

crimson! !

The three-meter square was completely engulfed by the redness, and the bursting flame slammed into the giant-eyed gorilla that thought he was dodging well.

There was a tremor in the air, and the blasting flame was dazzling! !

Mofan, who was glaring at the fire, vaguely saw that the giant-eyed gorilla was swallowed by reddish red. The body full of fat flies was blown up five or six meters away, and one hit the wall of the canteen.

The giant-eyed gorilla struggled desperately in the corner, completely without the fierce arrogance of the demon, and completely turned into a smashed mouse.

After seeing this scene, Mo Fan's mouth suddenly became a big "O"!

How about the bunker!

Fire and burst! !

This overbearing bursting effect does not give the flexible giant-eyed gorilla a little life. What is burning and burning bones? Nima does not have this bursting effect directly and violently! /p> "This... Is this the third level of fire??"

Mo Fan never thought that the captain of this hunting demon team had already cultivated the fire-killing skills to the third level. The bursting effect bombarded the giant-eyed gorillas and almost killed the murderous demon!

Grass, if you learn the fire and burst when you encounter the sorrowful beast, a skill can make it half-life, but also need to run, use stalactites, Nima is not There are stalactites everywhere, not every time the demon is standing under the stalactites!

Handsome fried, really blessed!

At this moment, Mo Fan’s heart is just like the fire wave that is still tumbling.

The enthusiasm for cultivation can suddenly reach this level when I think of my own fire.

Mo Fan believes that as long as he masters the fire and burst, the guy named Yu Ang can't be his opponent. Mu Zhuoyun's old **** face has to be swollen by himself!

Daisy, in any case, must be tempered to the third level before the graduation of the third year of high school, flashing the titanium dog eyes of the guys of the Muss family!

......

The safari team is very cautious and very veteran. They know that under the bang, the giant-eyed gorilla will run away, so both Fei Shi and Guo Caiyu use their own skills to block the giant-eyed gorillas from escaping to the canteen.

“咕~~~~~~!!!!”

The giant-eyed gorilla made a groan and completely unexpectedly rushed toward Guo Cai.

Guo Caizhen also stunned, her ice vine skills frozen is the location of this giant-eyed gorilla escape, never thought that this guy has the strength to make such a desperate fight.

"Small, water, fast!" Captain Xu Dayan is also a face change.

The little can look awkward, and immediately use the idea to connect the water system.

Why is it that the slightly slower speed is still slower, and the water skills are not released in time.

After all, Guo Caizhen is often faced with this danger, and he bites his teeth and jumps to the side.

She can't let her completely avoid the attack of the giant-eyed gorilla, but as long as she can avoid the key, it is better to lose one arm than to kill one!

"Ray Printing · Scars!!"

When everyone screams that it is not good, there is a purple lightning printed in the film.

These arcs are whipped on the giant-eyed gorilla, and every time they are beaten, they can see the flesh cracking, and the electro-prints of the scars that continue to entangle in the giant-eyed gorillas are madly drilled into the giant-eyed gorilla. In the muscles, let it run out of power.

Half of the giant-eyed gorillas squatted and plunged into the concrete floor, and they rubbed into the front of Guo Cai's long legs.

Guo Caizhen saw the giant-eyed gorilla, who was twitching, and then dexterously jumped back a few meters away after a slight glimpse. Then the little face looked at the dark-faced new member Mo Fan with a little bit of incredulity.

"Good job, Van Gogh!"

"Rely, this giant-eyed gorilla is a variant. How is it more brutal than the one-eyed demon wolf? In the case of a semi-disabled situation, I don’t know how to escape but I still want to attack!" Fei Shi said with a sigh of relief.

"I have told you many times, don't take it lightly, don't take it lightly!! It's almost a matter of Guo Caizhen's accident... Fortunately, today I recruited a Lei Fa, who can make the monster muscles paralyzed, or how can I stop this beast from being thrown?" The wilderness soon roared.

"I'm sorry, sorry, it's me... it's my fault." Xiao can say something stuttering.

"Apologizes that there is a fart. If a person dies, you can apologize to the grave and you can't hear. As the only water master in our team with defensive capabilities, all you have to do is keep your vigilance and always be yourself. The star track is pinched on the hand!!" Xu Dayang snarled toward the small.

Mo Fan is a bit stunned.

I thought that the captain Xu Dawei would only criticize a few words casually. He did not expect him to directly point to such a cute girl roaring.

However, the captain Xu Dawei’s roaring is not wrong. Different Masters play a completely different role in the battle, forming a whole team of hunters, a fatal mistake in a certain link, not just a person’s life, it is possible The whole team will be destroyed, after all, the demon murder is really a matter of instant!

Little can bite her lip and dare not say a few words. Obviously she also realizes how serious a problem she has committed.

Guo Caizhen did not blame the meaning of Xiao Ke, but still looked at Mo Fan.

Just now she really thought that she had to hang her life. Who knows that this rookie thunder shot and saved himself!

——————————————————————————————————————

(Today, I’m bored to see the starting point of the book review area~~~ Well, as expected, I’m a bit more vocal than I was when I was writing a public chapter. I’ve got a lot of vicious comments after reading the comments. Ah... This is obviously the rhythm of the book to be a big fire!

By the way, there is a guy who doesn't know what the league is.... This Taoist friend, you are here at the starting point of the book review. Of course, you don't know what the alliance is. You can go to our QQ bookstore.

Have the ability to go to the QQ Book City!

As long as you say a word, not much, just a sentence...

Soon, the chaos of the primary school students will let you know that the people in the camp of the League of Chaos are screaming in the queue. What are you? )

Hahaha, make a joke, the chaos still supports me.

Anyway, thanks to the support of the vast number of sprayers, remember to subscribe to the genuine after the shelves, do not look at the piracy is still awkward, it is too quality. Someone has to ask, can you order if you have a genuine copy? I haven't seen it anyway, I just can't see it anyway, I only see the subscription going up.

In addition, everyone collects more books. Those friends who shouted all kinds of **** books in the book review, listen to me, don't leave the shelves, you have to schedule a regular time every day, you have to log in, find a book, although "Full-time Master" will often mad at you. Home push, but every day, different home positions change positions, you are not very easy to find, it is best to collect them, this will be convenient.

Recommend tickets to continue to vote, vote every day. The mood is good, the recommended ticket is the flower, the gift of the rose hand to leave the fragrance; in a bad mood, it is the brick, throwing a brick and refreshing!

There is also a monthly pass, a monthly pass, or the same sentence: This thing is the same as the vigorous, not asking for a week, it is difficult to be a beast.