The spiritual world of nothingness has a glimmer of light, and Mo Fan seriously perceives it, suddenly discovering that there is a very small stardust in his nothingness.

Mo Fan was happy! ! !

This stardust is too important for the magician. He is an important basis for measuring the magician's cultivation. It exists in the spirit world of the magician. The larger the space occupied by nothingness, the higher the magician's cultivation! In this stardust, Mo Fan can already see something lit up. It seems to be a small piece of purple stardust. This stardust is really tiny compared to the entire spiritual world, but it also means that it also means There is no failure in the awakening. The book clearly states that there is a stardust in the spiritual world. Even if it is weak and weak, the TM awakens successfully! !

Hahahaha, who said that Laozi will wake up and fail!

Isn't this awakening success?

I really want to see Zhao Kunsan and Mu Bai’s distorted face right away.

Yep?

Wait, what color is stardust?

It's not red, it's a pity, it's the fire system that doesn't wake up.

Red star dust represents the fire system.

The blue star dust represents the wind system.

Brown star dust represents the soil system.

Blue star dust represents the water system.

Golden Stardust represents the light system.

Purple Stardust, representing...

I have a grass! ! !

Suddenly, Mo Fan was stunned! !

purple! !

I am purple stardust, I am actually purple stardust! ! !

......

"Oh my God, someone in the next class awakened the thunder!"

On the playground, I suddenly heard a student exclaiming and shouting.

"What, what is the thunder?? I went, good luck in my life."

"Where, where, wow, cool purple, the class teacher of the 7th class is estimated to be a big jump."

"Hey, kill me, why am I a water system, why didn't you give me a thunder, you don't stop me, I have to go to the rooftop."

"Don't make trouble, you can't jump, and there's a light body inside."

"This thunder student is going to burst the rhythm of the audience!"

The thunder was out, it was a sensation!

To say that the fire system is the first choice for all civilian magicians, then the thunder system is simply the perfect first line of heavenly gifts. The power of the more arrogant than the fire system allows the magician to have one in the first stage. The horrific combat power of the enemy, the teachers have counted, the students who awakened the Lei system, unless they are ruined, and more than 50% of them have broken into the middle-level master!

In the magical exam, about 60% of the magic students were eliminated, and the remaining 40% of the students became awakened students.

I am afraid that 60% of this group of awakened students will be eliminated, because they will not be able to cast any magic in their three-year high school career.

Of the 1,500 freshmen in the school, only one student awakened the Thunder, which is enough to show how shocking the Thunder is! !

......

For a time, the eyes of the teachers and students of the school flew toward the boy of the high school class 7 and the boy who happened to wear purple clothes, which made him awakened. The purple thunder arc is even more dazzling. For a time, this man who is confident and arrogant has become the focus of thousands of people, causing the whole school to boil! !

"Hey, how is it so noisy?" Mo Fan slowly opened his eyes, and the joy on his face was all written on his face.

However, when he opened his eyes, he found that the teacher who was still looking at himself was looking up at the next class, and he was fascinated.

Mo Fan looked back and found that all the students behind him were watching the next class.

what's the situation? ?

Where are you looking? ? ?

Soon, Mo Fan finally found out what the problem was.

It turned out that there was a Thunder system in the next class, and at the moment of awakening, the eyes of the teachers and students of the school looked at the guy who was awakened one step faster than himself!

Mo Fan looked at the purple lightning arc that was also jumping on the stone of awakening. I really hoped that a slap in the face of his class teacher told him that you envied the hair in the next class. Lao Tzu was also crazy and mad. Thunder! !

Mo Fan just wanted to talk, and the awakening stone that should suddenly end up once again appeared in the glory of the stars, like a **** vein gathered toward Mofan's palm.

Mo Fan is full of surprises!

Isn't the awakening over? How did this awakening stone start again? ?> Mo Fan wants to pull out his hand, but the magic has been passed to the whole body along the palm of his hand.

fiery.

A fiery energy!

Mo Fan didn't know what was going on, but a force drove him to enter the spiritual world once again, perceiving the invasion of this second force.

In the emptiness of the spiritual world, the purple stardust still shines in its own area with a faint radiance, and it seems that people are eager to make them more dazzling and more blooming.

This is Mofan's Thunder stardust, the power that awakened recently.

But another force of awakening breaks in like the previous thunder. In the spiritual world of Mofan, a shocking flame arc is drawn. It looks like a burning meteor, and Mofan is shaking all the people!

"This... this is..."

There is a "red stardust" in his spiritual world! ! ! !

Mo Fan first was slightly confused, but then completely fell into the joy of madness! ! !

Fire system! ! !

I am awakened by a fire system! ! !

It turned out to be a double system! !

I actually woke up the double system! ! ! !

You must know that in the first-level magician level, all students can only awaken a series, there will be almost no one in the natural double system, and the probability of one Thousand Thousand Thunder is 10,000 times smaller! !

my God! ! !

Mo Fan feels that he has been stunned by happiness.

The appearance of the Lei system has made him ecstatic, and the fire system reappeared. He formed a natural double system and he just wanted to cry! !

Mo Fan, who has seen magical knowledge, is very clear and clear that more than one line means leading others from the beginning, and the cultivation between departments and departments is independent.

Just like an online game, all the server people can only open a number there to force the monster to upgrade and practice, and they directly open two numbers. The most important thing is that the two numbers can be integrated into one character. It is not a problem with 11=2!

This is so cool! !

Laozi is born with a double system, a thundering system that hangs the sky, a violent fire system, to see who can stop me!

I was immersed in the humiliation of Dad’s selling house, and I was swept away at this moment. Mo Fan was very clear and very clear. If he cultivated himself well, he would work hard and cultivate both systems to become superior to the same level magician. !

What is the end of the hundreds of Mu's at the end of the year, what kind of ice-cold family, can have Laozi this born double cattle B! !

hahahahahahahaha! ! !