"Van ink, your reaction is very fast, and the release speed also surprised us. We thought that you are the kind of magician who just graduated to see the demon will scare his legs soft." Li Wenjie went to Mo Fan in front of the heavy beating Mofan's shoulders.

"Yeah, I thought we were going to take you for half a year before you could have a role. I didn't think that your psychological quality has been so good. You also saved Guo Caizhen, Guo Caizhen, you can get a thank you." Shi Xiao haha ​​said.

Mo Fan has no experience and resume to go to this position. In fact, their hunter team needs to kill more than ten digits. If Mofan is another department, the elite team like the demon team is definitely not. The trick is not to use the fire system. After all, the safari team is fighting against the demons in the city. Other hunters must be enemies, but most of them are dead. They must not be able to take the demon, and they may affect the city without resistance. People.

The city's safari team, the responsibility is even more important, the team members must of course be the elite of the hunting wizard.

Taking into account the rarity of Lei Fa Shi and the strength of their skills, they are willing to spend half a year to train a rookie who can't do anything. Mo Fan is absolutely the right rookie in everyone's eyes, encountering the demon It may not be able to release the skills completely.

Who can think of it just now, he completed the lightning-printing skills of lightning, and the speed of response and the skillful star track control made them hunter-looking squad not to be looked at!

In particular, Guo Caizhen, at the beginning, was aggressively scolding Mofan for this rookie. Who knows that the rookie saved her at the crucial time, and the mood suddenly became extremely complicated.

"Well, Li Wenjie, Fei Shi, the two of you went to check the canteen. If there is no demon, the rest can be handed over to the police. I hope that the girl is still alive." Xu Daqian said.

"OK!"

Searching and rescueing such a thing requires a large number of people. The safari team is mainly responsible for sweeping out the hidden dangers. Next, let Fei Shi and Li Wenjie and the police together look for the missing Lin Yuner.

However, after a week, the chances of a girl surviving are very small.

“嗡~~~~~~~~~”

Mo Fan just about to leave, suddenly a small muddy screaming a tremor.

"Is there a wreck??"

Mo Fan was happy in his heart and hurried to the body of the giant-eyed gorilla.

A giant blue-eyed light like a firefly appeared on a giant-eyed squirrel. It was as small as a candle, as if it was called, it was slowly drifting toward the pendant of Mofan's neck.

Everyone else was busy with other things, and did not notice this scene. Mo Fan also smoothly inhaled the wreckage of this giant-eyed squirrel into his own small mud shackle.

The Little Mud Pendant has the ability to automatically collect wreckage. The last time you killed the Skull Beast, you also took the wreckage of the Skull Beast.

It is a pity that if you want to make a small muddy scorpion really grow up, it seems that you need more refined and refined than the wreckage. I don't know if these wrecks are collected or not, so I have to go back and study it.

In addition, the Magic Association and the Hunter League all sell wreckage, a roughly 10,000 piece. If the wreckage collection is enough to allow the small mud to grow up, then it is necessary for the hunter to earn the money to buy these wrecks. It is imperative to let the small mud fall into a spiritual level, so that one hundred percent can raise the fire into a fire in a year! Burst!

"Well? The Lei Xingzi people seem to have some changes, can they say..." Suddenly, Mo Fanchao felt that the stars in his own lightning system were extremely excited.

Their kind of caper is similar to the change of the original fire star. The change is to make Mofan's fire nourish. The burning has turned into a fire.

In other words, Leiyin will also upgrade to a level! ! !

I have been meditating before, and the Thunder Stars are not moving at all. I didn’t expect that today’s reaction to the rapid release will make them change. I don’t know if they are also eager to become stronger after this battle, or just the wreckage is coming in. After playing the role?

The fire has already reached the burning bone, and I don’t know what the first level is particularly overbearing. What is the effect of the second level? It is expected! !

......

What surprised Mo Fan was that this was his first time completing the task, and he got a commission at once.

The school spent a total of 200,000 to let the city's safari team to settle this matter. Mo Fan took 10% of them. He was just entering the team after all. In general, most of the team members just got an internship salary and commission. It’s just a symbolic point. Considering that Mo Fan is a special thunder, coupled with his outstanding performance today, the team is directly turning Mofan straight.

10% is also a full 20,000 yuan, which is worth the income of my father driving outside for nearly half a year!

This money Mo Fan did not toss, carefully saved, in case of emergency.

Speaking of it, this is Mofan's first bucket of gold. The danger is a little dangerous. The reward is indeed too high. It is much faster than Mofan's expectation. This is much faster than the team that hunted the demon outside. It's no wonder that so many people have to sharpen their heads to enter the city's hunting demon team.

......

......

Muhammad Manor

In the azure private swimming pool, there is a layer of soft water waves. Muhe, who is wearing a swimming cap, swims from the water to the shore, lying on the sun lounger under the umbrella, and then glances next to it. The female private swimming coach with a rye skin on her skin, inadvertently glanced over the half-rounded chest.

“吱吱吱吱吱~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”

Mu Hegang wanted to talk, but found that the water in the pool was slowly covered with a layer of cold frost, and the surface of the swimming pool quickly condensed.

"Don't... I will stay." Muhe had a headache. He didn't say that the whole swimming pool was the same as winter, which made Muhe laugh and cry.

"He Shu, my father let you go over the past." A tall, thin man with a look of gloomy looks.

"Yu Ang, your ice system is getting stronger and stronger, how is it cultivated?" Muhe and Yan Yue said.

"The progress is a bit slow." The young man named Yu Ang said.

"You are still slow..." Muhe smiled bitterly. "Others are now only the level 1 state of ice vines. You have mastered the ice vines? Condensation, with your cultivation speed, it will take two years. It must be able to reach the third level of ice vines, covered with ice vines, but it is a large area of ​​ice spread, not to mention a small fire student, you can freeze a large piece!" "Two years? It's still too long." Yu Ang muttered to himself.

"You are always not satisfied with your practice. In fact, you are already much better than your peers. There is still a certain gap with Muning Snow. But Muning Snow is too special. You should know your father. The cloud is stunned by the kid. After a year, you will solve the kid in a logical way. Presumably he will send you a big gift." Muhe said with a smile.

"I didn't put the jumper clown in my eyes at all." Yu Ang said.