Yu Ang is diligent in cultivating for himself. Although his father, Zhuo Yun, arranged a magical duel for himself one year later, Yu Ang really did not take this matter to heart.

"You go first, I will be there soon." Mu He said.

Yu Ang nodded and walked toward the master room.

Through an artificial garden, Yu Ang stepped into a small courtyard.

In such a large manor with European-style melody, there is an ancient tea house that looks strange.

"Father, I don't quite understand why you have to arrange a boring duel for me." Yu Ang sat down and said to Mu Zhuoyun.

"If your adult ceremony is just to invite some high-ranking people, family members, and people like you, it will be very monotonous. The chances of being able to gather the famous people in the whole city in one place are not too much, if There is such a duel link in this adult rite, and many people will change it for you. Some things, I am an older generation, after all, are not suitable for intervening too much. You are convinced by your own strength to elders and peers present. I have erected some of my prestige, and it will be much smoother for you to control the city in the future." Mu Zhuoyun took a sip of tea and said with deep fortune.

"Then you should also arrange a more suitable opponent for me." Yu Ang said.

"At first, I also felt that arranging such a small role was a bit of a play at your adult rite. I was considering what better arrangements were made, but now it may not be like that. Even it may be Deng Kai and Zhu. A good infighter of the principal," Mu Zhuoyun said.

"How to say?" Yu Ang asked inexplicably.

"Your opponent, Mo Fan, he has mastered the second level of fire, and the speed of cultivation is beyond the expectations of all of us. It is not a small role to achieve this kind of cultivation in just one year. He is now Already the best student of Scorpio Magic High School, I am very concerned by Deng Kai, Hollow, and Zhu. Now, even if I want to make a point to this kid, these people may not let me do it... I really let I was shocked. The driver’s son’s cultivation was not slower than the outstanding disciples of our big family, if he was not so ignorant. As for the things between me and Deng Kai, you don’t need to know for a moment.” Mu Zhuoyun sneered Said.

"In this case, it may be a lot of meaning." Yu Ang seems to be relieved a lot.

Too weak opponents appear in their adult rites, which is not to give themselves their own prestige, but rather to let this kind of mouse have their own light, but also can not reflect their strong power above their peers.

One of the most important things in Mu's family is the adult rites of the younger generation. The rites of the ancestors can be described as their most solemn ceremonies. The juveniles are strong and the family is strong, so that the older generation who have already mastered the power of Bocheng jumped out. It’s not always appropriate to be arrogant and arrogant. If the younger generation’s children dominate their peers with an overwhelming advantage, isn’t it the absolute strength of their Muh’s?

Munin Snow is in the Imperial Capital, in a higher field.

This Bocheng, do you have to have outstanding young magicians with big flags?

Yu Ang is a very good successor to take over, Mu Zhuoyun wants to train him up and let him stand in Bocheng.

And the future road can not be flat, naturally it depends on how this is the beginning, other children's adult rites can engage in internal activities, but the adult ceremonies of Yu An must be grand, to be grand, to banquet guests, to be a blockbuster!

Mo Fan this kid is somewhat unexpected.

However, it is a stepping stone on the road to the growth of this young superior.

Of course, the veteran Mu Zhuoyun will not tell Yu Ang, such a large resource to train him and recommend him, he will be a stepping stone for another person in the future, and this person is his Mu Zhuoyun's biological daughter - Mu Ningxue!

Mu Ningxue is the most perfect successor of Mu Zhuoyun. The pool in Nabo City is too small. Only then can he cultivate a real confidant and control the inherent family of Bocheng.

"Do not worry, I will open the Bocheng Di Shengquan to you on the day of the end of the ceremony. You will have a whole week of cultivation time in it. This week is enough for you to make a leaps and bounds. In the eyes!" Mu Zhuoyun said kindly and peacefully.

"Father, is the place holy spring really so amazing?" Yu Ang asked with a gaze.

"Of course. You should know the Stardust Demon, this place is equivalent to a Stardust Demonstration that has been strengthened many times. He is not only relieved the fatigue of cultivation, but also allows the cultivation speed to be in this city. The Holy Springs nourishes the sacred place of cultivation. Whether you are meditation or control in the Holy Spring, it is perfect. The Holy Spring is not open to open. Once you enter it, you must concentrate on cultivation. Because this is probably the best chance for you to hit the mid-level wizard." Mu Zhuoyun said.

"Medium...Intermediate? Am I still far away?" Yuen said with some surprise.

"If you don't enter the holy spring, it's a little far away. If you get this opportunity, you don't have to." Mu Zhuoyun touched its gossip.

"Father, how did this Bocheng Shengquan come from, why is it so powerful?"

"There is a great place for the Holy Spring. You don't have to know. What you have to remember is that the Holy Spring is an excellent opportunity for cultivation once in a lifetime." Mu Zhuoyun did not say anything more.

Yu Ang also nodded heavily.

Want to come to break through the first step into the mid-level wizards that countless people dream of, this Bocheng Diquan is vital!