......

......

The rest of the summer vacation, Mo Fan is still practicing cultivation.

The city safari team is not a very busy job, more often it is to adjust the pace of life.

After Mo Fan continued to follow the hunting demon team to complete two hunting demon rewards, it should be considered completely out of the realm of the rookie, in the face of the demon can more calm release skills.

Fighting and practicing go hand in hand, Mo Fan found that the growth rate of stardust is accelerating.

The growth of the stardust naturally made the stars change. On the day of the third year of school, Mo Fan succeeded in making the Lei Xingzi completely transformed.

The brighter, sparkling stars can transmit stronger Thunder magic, and the skills you develop will naturally change.

"The next time they go out with the squad, they must be surprised." Mo Fan sat in the classroom and was very happy.

Now its thunder and fire have reached the level 2 state, which is far faster than the students around, if you can practice the skills to level 3 before graduation, it is even more perfect!

It is said that when the stars have changed to the third level, they are closer to the middle-level wizard.

Mo Fan doesn't know when he can reach the middle-level wizard, but he will use every means to make himself stronger! !

The life of the school is still the same. After the experience, the temperament of the students is obviously changed. Together with the magical college entrance examination, those students who are on weekdays and sloppy students are very hardworking and frequently appear on the training ground.

Mo Fan himself is not going to the training ground.

Playing a puppet, there is a hair, he now directly this kind of meaningless training, practice into a real battle, face-to-face battle with the demon, this improvement effect is much stronger than playing puppets in the school playground!

"Fan Ge, you found no, since the experience, the squad leader Zhou Min has been very good to you." Zhang Xiaohou confessed to Mo Fan's ear.

“Is there?” Mofan asked with an eyebrow.

"Of course, sometimes I will secretly look at it here."

"Don't it be because I am handsome?"

"You have to say this, I can't do anything, but if it's because you are handsome, she won't be fierce at the beginning of the school. She is fierce to everyone, only to you, the whole person Changed, just as good as the younger sister next door." Zhang Xiaohou said.

Mo Fan is going to class in the morning, practicing in the afternoon, and wearing uniforms to maintain the peace of the city at night. Where does the girl’s mind have time to speculate? Besides, he has saved thousands of girls in suffering. Heroic, occasionally catching a few girls' hearts... Nothing is normal!

"Look, you see, she came over to look for you... Hey, Fan, I will withdraw first." Zhang Xiaohou is a qualified good teammate. Some friends are really stupid like pigs. They must be there as a light mage. !

Mo Fan looked up and found that Zhou Min was really coming to himself.

Looking at her small appearance, twisting and squeezing, hesitating, quite a bit pitiful.

Zhou Min is still very well-rounded, clean and shoulder-length black hair, a delicate face with the pride of many young girls, the boys are naturally fierce and keep a distance on weekdays, in fact, a warm heart I can't cover it.

"Mofan... Are you free at night?" Zhou Min came over and asked in a very small voice.

at night?

It seems that I have to consolidate the level 2 Lei printing skills.

Zhou Min, Zhou Min, as the squad leader, you should concentrate on your studies. How can you move your heart so quickly? We are all high school students who want to sprint the college entrance examination. This year is very important, and the impact is the future. Distraction in the early love of this matter, no benefit to anyone!

Therefore, Mo Fan nodded and said to Zhou Min: "You are free!"

Zhou Min immediately showed up with a smile and said: "You will wait for me after school. I will tell you a very important thing."

"No problem." Mo Fan nodded his head and wondered if Zhang Xiaohou would go to prepare a box of small umbrellas for him to meet his needs.

......

After school, a large number of students rushed outside the school.

Zhou Min really talked about credit and waited for Mo Fan at the back door of the school.

When Mo Fan walked over and just wanted to speak, Zhou Min said something mysteriously: "Mo Fan, I don't know if I should tell you about this, but I don't know who to look for."

"This is the case. My grandmother lived in Yushu Street, where an old town was converted into a new community. During the summer vacation, I went to live with my grandmother, but I often heard the construction site vibrating. There are engineering teams in the construction, but I asked people, they all said that they did not work at night... Grandma always said that you have something in the old town that is going to be ruined. I let my grandmother move away, my grandmother does not want to. I left there, so I hope that you will accompany me to see what is going on, or leave my grandmother alone, I am always worried, the night is really terrible." Zhou Min seriously Everyone said.

After listening to Zhou Min’s description, Mo Fan could not help but see.

Earthquake? ?

Nima had a canteen earthquake a while ago, and this will come to an earthquake. This Bocheng must be played badly.

"Isn't it a giant-eyed gorilla?" Mo Fan thought.

"Giant-eyed gorilla?? This is a demon, there should be no such thing in Bocheng." Zhou Min opened his lips with surprise.

The last time I faced the fear of the demon, Zhou Min still has a lingering fear.

"It's not a strange thing. There is news from the hunter league. In the near future, the giant-eyed gorillas followed the mating season, and frequently jumped out from the dark corners." Mo Fan has not been surprised.

If he is still in school, Mo Fan will be like Zhou Min. He feels that the city is 100% safe and there is no possibility of a demon.

In the city hunting demon team, Mo Fan also has some experience and insight.

how to say.

Xiao Zhoumin, you really look for the right person, another identity of the brother is Bocheng City Management, because only the demons in the city, so more professional! !

Hey, this time I can’t accept the commission. It’s not a bad thing to buy a girl’s heart. Go check it out!

......

In the old Banyan neighborhood, as Zhou Min said, this block has been demolished and it looks like it has just experienced a serious earthquake disaster.

Dust is permeated in this severely demolished block, where temporary construction walls are everywhere, and there are pits and squats everywhere. The semi-demolition houses are left in a wreckage that seems to affect the city's appearance, and the unfinished building that has just been built and has not yet been formed. .

I heard that the old Elm Block was intended to be built into a new business district. As a result, there was a serious shortage of funds for the investors, so there was a ruin in this Bocheng that the government did not know how to deal with.

Most of the people have already moved out of this block. Some tramps will barely find some dangerous buildings to stay, and the rest are old people who have not been willing to move away, such as Zhou Min’s grandmother.