To be honest, in addition to purely showing his heroic heroism, Mo Fan is very confused about the appearance of the "shock".

The canteen earthquake in the Inscription Girls' High School has already appeared once. Why didn't it take a long time to see this inexplicable vibration in another part of Bocheng? Is it really a giant-eyed gorilla?

It is said that after the giant-eyed gorilla was eliminated, the other areas of the Inscription Girls’ High School still had a slight shock. The police did not find out why, and the school also determined that the campus was safe or scheduled to start school.

"My grandmother lives here, and the area where the tremors are happening is there." Zhou Min pointed to an old house and pointed to the square work site that had been turned into the ruins of an old house.

The construction team’s funding problem has been withdrawn from the construction site for a while. The entire ruined block can definitely be described as uninhabited. At night, the brightly lit city in the distance can’t shine, the dark clouds cover the night sky, and the poor star can’t dispel this piece. The ruins of the site are filled with a subtle spirit.

The big city tube Mo Fan is now daring, and a flexible jump has turned over the temporary construction walls. After the landing, he found that Zhou Min walked in directly from a small door next to it, and the atmosphere suddenly became awkward. Very incomparable.

"Cough, is it usually when the earthquake starts?" Mo Fan asked.

"Night, untimely." Zhou Minping was still a little girl, but he could go to the ruins of the construction site, but could not help but approach Mofan.

Mo Fan just walked a few steps forward and took out something like a sachet from his pocket.

The sachet was unraveled and some crystal powder appeared. The powder was blown by Mo Fan and immediately dispersed into the air, slowly and slowly falling on the site.

"This is... looking for the monster powder?" Zhou Min is not a schoolmaster, he recognized the prop at a glance.

"Well." Mofan nodded.

Looking for the demon powder, the city management month black wind high, catching monsters and catching monsters, essential medicine!

"How do you bring this thing with you? I really think there is a demon here?" Zhou Min asked in surprise.

The average student who will bring this, and here is Bocheng, not in the wilderness!

"Girl, you have to be professional, look at yourself." Mo Fan pointed to the crystal powder that had fallen.

The powder is only about ten meters away from the two people. These crystal powders are like being glued together. They form a contour on the dusty ground. The outline looks like... a footprint!

Zhou Min looked stunned.

God, is there really a demon in this city? ? ?

The demon's breath is actually difficult to capture in the magician on weekdays, especially the demon who has left this place.

The special look of the demon powder is especially sensitive to their scent of the demon. A footprint left by the demon ten days ago, the demon powder can immediately adhere to that footprint!

"How... what to do??" Zhou Min was scared and pale.

She has been steadfast in the school on weekdays. She also insists that the city is indeed the safest place. Who knows that there is a demon footprint, and it is not a lie to find the monster!

"I went to see the shape of the footprints..." Mo Fan was also a big man, and went straight.

"I... We are still rushing to inform the demon team." Zhou Min couldn't help but chill.

Mo Fan was speechless for a while.

I am like a fake Baocheng hunting demon team, inform a fart!

What's more, the safari team is not idle, and there is not enough accurate evidence that they can't easily move the whole team.

This footprint of the footprints printed by the demon powder can only be said to be suspect, not an ironclad certificate. After all, there is a possibility that the summoner will not be able to pamper at this site.

"This footprint is not like a giant eyed rat." Mo Fan frowned.

"Mo... Mo Fan... Let's go." Zhou Min said with some fear.

Mo Fan would like to explore the matter and continue to go to the construction site.

Zhou Min carefully followed Mo Fan.

"It seems to be hiding in the unfinished building." Mofan pointed to the front of a building with only one floor embryo.

This building seems to be intended to be a shopping mall. The floor area is very large. There are piles of messy cement bags, tools, and waste materials. The footprints of the demon powder show that there is no such thing as the unfinished mall building. If it is here? If you live in something, you must be hiding in it to make a fortune!

It took two months for this site to be abandoned. It is the best place to hide.

"Momo Mo... Mo Fan..." Zhou Min’s voice suddenly became extremely stiff, and he was reminding Mo Fan in a very strange way.

Mo Fan immediately looked at Zhou Min's gaze and walked through the brick wall in front of him. The place that was originally on the first floor had a black shadow squirming! ! !

It was a creature with a strong lower limb, and it stood there with a second floor slab.

Its overall shape is somewhat similar to that of the Wolves. The difference is that it is not a limb, but a semi-erect like a wolf! !

The biggest difference is the eyes of this guy.

There is only one monocular on the head of the giant wolf, which is particularly bleak in the night!

"Yes... is a one-eyed demon wolf!" Zhou Min almost screamed.

One-eyed demon wolf, this is the ferocious demon that the teachers have mentioned in countless times in the demon class. Unlike the giant-eyed gorilla, which lives in the dark corners, the one-eyed demon wolf mostly inhabits the wild mountains, they are instinct to human beings. Hostility, even very fond of human beings as food!

Enjoy killing, greed, and ferocity, and they will be eyeing everyone who dares to leave human habitation! !

"****, this kind of place near the urban area has a one-eyed demon wolf, someone has no one to control!!" Mo Fan was shocked after seeing this scene.

Not long ago, he and Zhou Min thought that the city was absolutely safe.

Who knows that this is already the second demon in Bocheng.

It’s not surprising that giant-eyed gorillas will appear in the city. This kind of creatures often live in the sewers and cemeteries of human cities, but how can this murderous one-eyed wolf appear in this place? ? ?

"It... what is it doing??" Zhou Min has already scared his face and turned white.

"Eat dinner," Mofan replied.

Zhou Min looked at it carefully and almost fainted.

The one-eyed demon wolf is chewing, and in a dim, Zhou Min saw a broken arm!

God, that is the arm of the living.

Mo Fan this bastard, how can you understate the fact that this monster is eating supper!

It is eating people! ! !

It is really eating people! ! !