“There are some homeless people living here. The tramp is never included in the police’s demographics. This one-eyed demon wolf is very embarrassed, hiding in an abandoned construction site, and then relying on the tramp who will not be noticed. To make food, if it is not discovered by us, I really don't know how many people want to become their rations." Mo Fan snorted.

Zhou Min has been scared to talk, but she just came here with a look for the root cause. Who knows that she will directly encounter a devil who eats people, even if the entire population of Bocheng is nearly one million, every day. Someone is dead, but it does not mean that the living person is going to be eaten by the demon who lurks in such a place. It is terrible. It is terrible!

"If you say Zhou Min, do you think that this one-eyed demon wolf is a little different from our teachers?" Mo Fan stared far away at the animal road.

Zhou Min still has a thought to think about this kind of problem. She is now thinking about how to escape from this site without being discovered, and then immediately inform the Hunter League of this terrible news.

"It looks like it is bigger than the two described by the teachers. It is not an ordinary one-eyed demon wolf." Mo Fan continued.

Zhou Min is going crazy.

Let's think of ways to escape from here, how can this mounting be as big as this! !

Mo Fan himself soon realized that Zhou Min was just a very proud little girl in the school. In the face of this kind of horror, there was no point in discussing it.

"You should leave here first, hit the hotline of the city's safari team, and let the police disperse the residents and tramps nearby." Mo Fan told Zhou Min.

"What about you?" Zhou Min asked.

"I am looking at it here," Mofan said.

Zhou Min looked at Mo Fan like a monster.

The same high school students, why this goods did not respond to this scene, normal people are scared to pee.

After careful consideration, Zhou Min suddenly realized that Mo Fan’s super metamorphosis had killed the sorcerer, and it seemed that the demon could not cause too much fear on him.

Freak, this freak.

"I... I have already notified." Zhou Min whispered.

Mo Fan was puzzled and asked casually: "How do you inform me... I am grass!!"

During the mammoth, Mo Fan realized that there was a big event.

"呃呜~~"

Not far from the floor, the one-eyed demon wolf who is eating slowly turned his head, and the two lanterns directly locked the position where Zhou Min and Mo Fan were.

When it was time, the air solidified.

Even after hiding behind the brick wall, Mo Fan and Zhou Min can feel the murderous release of the fierce one-eyed demon wolf.

After a night of screaming, with a thick **** smell, just slammed on Mo Fan and Zhou Min's cheek.

Zhou Min is already stupid, she never thought that the one-eyed demon wolf would suddenly find the whereabouts of the two of them, and the one-eyed confrontation, just like the whole person fell into the abyss of fear, the body could not move half a minute.

"Grandma, your mother didn't teach you the ability of the demon to sense the signal of the mobile phone!!" Mo Fan grabbed Zhou Min and rushed out of the construction site with lightning speed.

The most uneasy way in the world's creatures is that they have the ability to sense the signals of magical technology devices, so you can mute the city to the demon team to send a message to help the demon's brain send a GPS location, one second Is it exposed?

“呃呜~~~~~~~~~~~!!!!”

The one-eyed demon wolf also realized that his whereabouts were exposed, and the body suddenly smashed down, turning into a coyotes who saw food and flew directly toward Mo Fan and Zhou Min, and the speed was scary.

Fortunately, Mo Fan and Zhou Min are separated from this guy, otherwise the two of them will become the night owl of the one-eyed demon wolf.

Mo Fan ran very fast, while running on the side of the star track.

This technique was learned by him in the past few times and when the slayer was dealing with the demon. If a magician stood in the same place with a stupid singer, the demon would just grab a piece of things and throw it at your head. A life cry!

"Fire nourish? Burn bones!"

In one hand, Zhou Min’s wrist was ran wildly, and the other hand condensed a hot flame.

The moment I jumped up and jumped over a pile of cement bags in front of me, the flame in my hand was thrown away toward the one-eyed demon wolf that was chasing it!

The fire is burning very fast, and the firewood piled up there is ignited in an instant. The high temperature heat forces the one-eyed demon wolf to straddle easily.

Mo Fan’s fire is naturally not thrown at the one-eyed demon wolf. The one-eyed demon wolf has a degree of agility with the giant-eyed gorillas. Their strong limbs make them jump between the ruins, and Mofan’s skills are not yet Accurate to the extent of the one-eyed wolf that can accurately hit the flying state.

The purpose of this burning bone is very simple, that is, forming a wall of flames, blocking the pursuit route of the one-eyed demon wolf.

"呃呜~~~~~~!"

However, the power of this one-eyed demon wolf is far beyond the imagination of Mo Fan. I saw the powerful hind limbs of the one-eyed demon wolf slamming in the ruins, and the body jumped up and jumped over. A cluster of burning flames of burning bones.

"嘣~"

The one-eyed demon wolf fell heavily on the ground, and the dust rolled up.

Once again, Mowan and Zhou Min, who escaped, locked the one-eyed demon wolf’s hind limbs and stepped on it. The body was smashed and turned into a rampant shell, all along the way, the construction timber, small sand dunes, mud All the cars were hit and flew to both sides!

Mo Fan looked back and couldn't help but swear.

This one-eyed demon wolf is so dying, the speed is not fast, the body is so strong, just because it has been hit by such a small life, I am afraid that it is much stronger than any of the demons that I have encountered before.

Fortunately, I myself and Zhou Min are far away from it.

Going outside the construction site, it should be safer to the outside.

......

“嘣!!嘣!!嘣!!!!!!”

The outer wall of the temporary construction site, like the foam, was directly crushed by the strong body of the one-eyed demon wolf, and Mo Fan and Zhou Min, who had just fled to the old block, turned their heads and found that the one-eyed demon wolf was still chasing. The whole person is stupid.

****'s one-eyed demon wolf, Laozi has entered the tower, what kind of trouble do you want? ? ?

Mo Fan also felt that the one-eyed demon wolf was a bit wise, knowing that he was hiding in a no-man's construction site to steal the tramp, so he inferred that the one-eyed demon wolf would not easily go to the neighborhood. Once it was discovered, it would become a full-scale search. Goal, who knows that this one-eyed demon wolf is mentally retarded and directly chased the construction site.

Wolf brother, you can't eat and go in the light of the day, although it is night, there are few living people in the old neighborhood, but after all, someone will see it, someone will report it... It’s better for everyone to get together today. When this corner breaks up, no one can go back.

Mahler Gobi, you still chase, but also chase me to blame me, I am welcome! !