"Mo Fan... Mo Fan... What to do, we can't run away." Zhou Min was so scared that he was hiding behind Mofan.

This is an old neighborhood with a quiet night. The relationship between the ruins and the construction site has not been lived by a few people. At this time, the one-eyed demon wolf has already rushed out of the construction site, and rushed along this slightly muddy street. Under the shadow of the old banyan tree, only a black shadow can be seen.

"You quickly take your grandmother to run, I dragged this cargo!" Mo Fan said to Zhou Min.

How can I run without the four-legged one-eyed demon wolf? At this time, Mo Fan once again realized how important it is to have displacement skills.

"How do you drag..." Zhou Min said, shaking his voice.

"Don't waste so much." Mo Fan shouted.

Although Zhou Min is also a fire magician, but her fire? Burning has no effect on this large one-eyed demon wolf. The annunciator has already suggested that one of his demon teammates is nearby and should be able to support support.

Zhou Min was finally smashed and rushed to the houses in the old block.

However, Mo Fan underestimated the kindness of this silly girl. She not only informed her grandmother, but also wanted to save the elderly who still live in the old neighborhood.

Mo Fan found that the old neighborhood still lived a lot of old people, and his brow wrinkled.

If I didn't see this thing today, I am afraid that these old people will become the food of this one-eyed demon wolf.

coming!

Finally, the one-eyed demon wolf rushed over, leaving Mofan only 20 meters away.

This 20-meter, one-eyed demon wolf may not be able to pass without even using one second.

I have to say that the demon is much more terrible than the school description. This one-eyed demon wolf flies so much that the pressure in the heart is as good as a car flying over, and the ordinary person will only be stupid in the same place.

"Call you not to chase, you **** still chase, Lao Tzu will explode the best equipment!" Mo Fan eyes staring at the one-eyed demon wolf that flew over, even more arrogant.

骂 骂 骂, Mo Fan can not be shackled.

The inscription of the mind that locks the spiritual world, when Mo Fan's body bloomed a soulful light.

Just in front of Mo Fan, the glory was drawn at an extremely fast speed, depicting a three-dimensional diamond shield that was a little higher than people.

When the light is the strongest, Mofan's light in front of him has a black and black bone shield.

Magic tools, skeletal shield!

The sacral shield was flooded in front of Mo Fan’s forehead, very sudden.

The huge-eyed one-eyed demon wolf did not realize that there would be a skeleton shield. It was too late to brake the Mofan directly into the meat sauce...

"boom!!!!!!"

Taking advantage of the body, the one-eyed demon wolf slammed into the bones and shields, and the bones and shields made a violent tremor. First, the one-eyed demon wolf with a huge impact force flew ten meters away, and then Mo Fan, who was under the shield, flew out.

The skeletal shield resisted the fierce collision of the one-eyed demon wolf and immediately turned into a piece of light that disappeared into the air, while Mo Fan followed the wearing of skateboard shoes and generally slipped out along the cement floor of the street.

There was a bit of pain in the chest.

Mo Fan immediately felt a retching, although the skeletal shield offset the strongest impact of the one-eyed demon wolf, Mo Fan still felt that his chest was hit by something.

"A strong beast!!"

Mo Fan was secretly surprised.

The quality of the bone shield is very good, and it is completely uncomfortable to resist the full force of the demon. But this one-eyed demon wolf also hits Mofan and eats the collision force. This shows that this force must directly hit the body. The bones are broken!

The one-eyed demon wolf fell on the street, and his head ran out of blood.

It shook his head and climbed up, like a human, holding a claw and hitting a wolf head.

"Can this stand up, is the body beaten by iron?" Mo Fan saw that the one-eyed demon wolf had no loss of mobility, and his chin was about to fall to the ground.

In the end, the demons I saw before were too weak, or this one-eyed demon wolf was particularly strong, and it was changed to the previous wolf beast and giant-eyed gorilla, and the bones had to fall apart!

Run, hurry!

When the guy was still swaying, he hurriedly ran. The light can't run, it can catch up right away, take a lightning seal now, let it lose a bit of action!

At this time, Mo Fan would not dare to hide the strength again. The Lei Department was seen by Zhou Min. It is not too difficult to let this girl not say it.

Take a deep breath and relieve the pain in the chest. Mo Fan is ready to control his own lightning system.

"Ice vine? Condensation!"

When Mo Fan just took control of two Lei Xingzi, there was a woman's pampering not far away.

A cold gas filled the old street all at once, and the air flew down without warning.

These flying frosts form an instruction that they quickly gather at the feet of the one-eyed demon wolf, condensing all the ground around the one-eyed wolf into ice.

These flying frosts will spread, they spread along the powerful legs of the one-eyed wolf, but in a few seconds they will condense the lower limbs of the one-eyed wolf into a popsicle.

If the one-eyed demon wolf is in a high-speed state, the ice vine may not be able to freeze it immediately, but the one-eyed demon wolf is still in a dizzy state. When it is awake, the lower limbs are directly frozen, and the steps are going to become very Hard!

Mo Fan’s heart was happy, and when he turned around, he saw a Ling Bing woman wearing a black-purple jeans and a very long leg standing on the street. The white ice star trail glowed around her body. The female mage is set to be more beautiful.

"Colorful!!" Mo Fan was happy in his heart.

I did not forget that she saved her life with a lightning seal. Her timely shot was to save the lightning system at the bottom of her pressure box.

"Little bastard, how are you here?" Guo Caizhen looked at Mo Fan with some surprise.

Mo Fan this goods, how can Guo Caizhen not know, with a group of small children group to peek at their bathing things Guo Caizhen will never forget this life, hate him.

To know that this guy has provoked a one-eyed demon wolf, Guo Caizhen will certainly hesitate when he just shot, the theoretical coloring wolf and the devil wolf should be destroyed on behalf of the moon!

"I... I and the female classmates are here at the meeting, you are coming." Mo Fan immediately retreated to a distant place, and Zhou Min and her grandmother will meet.

"Hurry up, we are already in the vicinity of the demon team." Guo Caizhen said without a good temper.