"Great, it is the hunting demon team." Zhou Minru said that he was born again.

Mo Fan is no longer nonsense, and when he is frozen by the one-eyed demon wolf, he quickly evacuates here.

Just ran out of this street, I immediately heard Guo Caizhen use the Bluetooth headset to say to other players: "Notice Van Gogh did not, this is a one-eyed demon wolf in the advanced stage, no accident is with those giant eyes The mouse steals the guy from the holy spring. The giant-eyed squirrel is not a problem for us to deal with, but the one-eyed demon wolf with great benefits is much stronger than the usual demon. It is difficult for us to control it without the thunder! ”

"It turned out to be this daring beast. My father had been rewarding it for a while. I was caught here today." The tall, gloomy man standing next to Guo Caizhen said, "Exactly, today I am and Your hunting demon team has killed this beast."

"We don't take the risk, we will suppress it with ice vines far away. It seems that we haven't recovered anything since we hit something. Otherwise, we can't freeze it, or wait for all of our team members to arrive, especially It is the Lei Master, who deals with the power of the one-eyed demon wolf. The thunder is the best choice!” Guo Caizhen said seriously.

"Oh? Listen to you." Yu Ang nodded. He also connected the ice star's star track and stood in the distance to continue the freezing of the one-eyed demon wolf. It seemed to be a bit easier. Yu An looked back. Mo Fandao, who fled with her female classmate, "Who is the guy you called the little bastard? Do you know?"

"It’s Mo Fan, that’s the lawless guy who knows Zhuo Yun’s.” Guo Caiyan said with a bite.

"He is Mo Fan, huh, huh." Yu Ang could not help but float a scornful smile.

I thought that this guy is so powerful. It was really funny when I faced the demon with a scary old dog. It seems that he had rumored that he had killed the sorcerer beast. It was indeed a dog, and he was not killed by him. He was a gangster in those people.

Is it really necessary for this kind of **** to appear at his adulthood?

Hey, don't think about the role of this incompetent, you have to think about how this one-eyed demon wolf should handle it.

......

......

"Mo Fan, what are you going to do??" Zhou Min took her grandmother all the way to the crowded neighborhood.

"The phone is there." Mo Fan did not care about Zhou Min, and hurriedly killed it.

While running, Mo Fan pulled out his windy hooded sweater from the flat bag and used his crayons to blacken his face, just in case a mask was coming!

"Oh, the American heroes are the ones who instantly transform themselves into the city to save the city, and they can't keep up with the times."

In fact, Mo Fan is just a conversion from the fire system to the mine system, but fortunately, in the process of going to school, I have never forgotten that I have a sacred city management identity, so the props are carried.

After playing the brave male classmate, I should be incarnate as a city messenger, and I don’t know if it’s cool or funny.

In other words, the man standing next to Guo Caizhen is the son of Mu Zhuoyun, the yin and yang, the whole Yin and Yang people, knowing that it is not a good bird.

The one-eyed demon wolf who stole the holy spring? ?

What is the land of the Holy Spring, how can make a normal one-eyed demon wolf become so horrible.

Mo Fan has been completely different from the first experience. If you are standing in front of yourself, you can really cope with one or two, but the one-eyed demon wolf is obviously much stronger than the wolf beast...

In recent times, the earthquake has been shaken everywhere, and there are many maddening giant-eyed gorillas that are related to the Holy Spring. ?

Forget it, don't think about it so much, and quickly kill it to maintain peace on earth.

It is said that mutations will generally explode things.

......

When Mo Fan re-killed back to the old Banyan neighborhood, the other members of the Demon team had already arrived.

They can be said to be on call 24 hours a day, as long as the situation is certain, the first time to the scene, much faster than the police.

"Vanilla, brother, you are coming very fast!" Fei Shi saw that Mo Fan had arrived, and immediately opened his smile.

"Don't be distracted, this only one-stage one-eyed demon wolf will kill us in minutes." Captain Xu Dawei said seriously.

"Well, fortunately, today we have a helper. There are two ice masters, which can greatly limit the action of this one-eyed demon wolf." Li Wenjie said.

Guo Caizhen and Yu Ang are both outstanding disciples of the ice family. The ice vines of the two of them are superimposed together, and the one-eyed demon wolf has been completely frozen for ten meters. Although the one-eyed wolf is not completely frozen, the action It is much slower to get up.

This vine has an infiltration effect. The longer it is in the ice vine area, the stiffer the muscles and bones will be. It is a perfect match for the one-eyed demon wolf, which is purely powerful to fight.

However, small problems also exist.

There are some conflicts between the ice system and the fire system itself. The main killing ability of the entire hunting demon team is in the captain Xu Dahuang, but Xu Dawei is a fire. The burst is likely to make the ice vines of Guo Caizhen and Yu Ang smashed. ......

Therefore, in addition to controlling this one-eyed demon wolf, there is no other better way.

"I have already called reinforcements. The Yang Zuohe of the Wizards Association is going to hurry here. We will keep holding it before he comes. Don't think about killing this one-eyed demon wolf." Xu Dayia seems very experienced.

Fire? Burst can really hit this one-eyed demon wolf, but this is not safe, in case this one-eyed demon wolf has combat power, it will be difficult to control it, especially not to let it live in other residents. Block!

"Yang Zuohe, the middle-level water master?" Xiaoke’s eyes flashed and his face was full of worship.

"Well, there are people in which we can safely kill this one-eyed demon wolf, otherwise let it escape, it will cause unpredictable casualties to the people." Xu Daqian said.

"It is true, but our ice vines are not sure how long it will last. This one-eyed demon wolf is very strong. If we can raise it to level 3, in this case it will be free to break free." Said.

"Nothing, there are us." Fei Shi and Li Wenjie said.

"Do I want to shoot?" Mo Fan looked at everyone who had a complete plan and asked.

"You are on the sidelines, your level 1 seal may not be able to hurt it, but the muscle paralysis effect should be able to play a vital role, as long as this one-eyed demon wolf has a little sign of making frost... Well, not right, How did the smell of this guy become stronger?" Xu Dawei looked a change.

The old Elm block is filled with a cold air, but I don’t know why the one-eyed demon wolf, which is frozen in the lower limbs, is centered on it. The inexplicable madness has turned into a storm that has swept across the block. stand up.