“哗哗哗~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”

The old branches of the branches are fluttering, and the fallen leaves and broken branches are falling.

"Yu Ang, fast, then release a layer of ice vines!" Guo Caizhen immediately realized what, hurriedly said to Yu Ang.

"No, the breath is too strong, so I can't breathe." Yu Ang said.

Mo Fan also felt the beast madness that was beaten by the waves, accompanied by the one-eyed demon wolf, and the fierce breath of the waves continued to roll over, and the houses in this old block were shaken. Shake.

"Advanced, this guy is driven by us, it is forcing yourself to advance!"

"Using the energy of the Holy Spring, it has advanced capital. We must stop it. If it is advanced, Yang Zuohe may not be able to subdue it!!" Xu Dayang's face was extremely ugly.

For so long in the city's hunting demon team, Xu Dayang is also the first time to encounter such a demon in the advanced stage.

The advanced stage of the demon is not terrible, the most terrible is the advanced successful demon, it is not their first-level Master can resist!

And once it is massacred, the people in this city will be devastated!

"No, we can't stop it. We haven't advanced it yet. We'd better escape from here." Li Wenjie said palely.

Advanced success of the demon, that speed is not Li Wenjie can deal with, the people present are all dead, no more than 10 seconds of time, this advanced one-eyed demon wolf can certainly kill all of them!

"What a slogan, turn me around and see what is behind you!" Xu Dawei angered.

This area was abandoned due to the existence of the construction site. This old elm street is also in a state of semi-demolition. However, this old elm street is a neon-lit commercial street.

There are young people sitting in the hall watching TV, there are girls who are preparing small gifts for Qixi Festival, old couples who have leisurely walks, residential buildings, shops, entertainment venues, squares...

Where do these people have a little self-protection ability? ?

To be sure, as long as they turn away now, the advanced one-eyed demon wolf must urgently need a lot of food, those people are food.

The city does have a magician who is stronger than their safari team. However, the mid-level magician can't be vigilant all the time, even if they get here at the fastest speed to eliminate this one-eyed demon wolf. It is absolutely impossible to avoid the unscrupulous massacre of the one-eyed demon wolf during this time.

How many lives will be lost, Xu Dayia may not be able to calculate.

"Although the little **** is very annoying, he did an amazing thing today. This one-eyed demon wolf that was going to be advanced is discovered in time to avoid a bigger disaster. However, we also There is no need to say such a frustration, it has not been advanced, we can stop it!" Guo Caiyi smiled.

Xu Dayang has no plans to run.

To be honest, the squad of the demon squad is still a bit admired by Mo Fan.

"Fat stone, preparing for the wave is slow, if it breaks out of the ice vine, it must not let it run." Xu Daqian said.

The fat stone nodded.

His palms slammed on the concrete floor, and when the surface appeared, the underground ripples appeared to be the same as the lake rafts. These ripples moved in one direction, forcing the frozen one-eyed wolf to move away from everyone.

However, the effect of ice vines has not been able to last for too long.

A boiling heat began to force the surrounding frost to evaporate into water, and even let the water boil.

"This guy is really advanced, its body and blood is hot!" said the fat stone.

Li Wenjie bit his teeth and didn't know what to do.

To put it bluntly, once this one-eyed demon wolf is advanced, none of them can survive, or even stop the monster from entering the bustling commercial district.

Staying here is waiting for death.

Moreover, the advanced signs of this one-eyed demon wolf are quite obvious. Why do you want to stay here and die? ?

"It has to break free!" Li Wenjie said coldly and sweaty.

Finished, it’s too late to run.

Xu Dayia, Xiaoke, Feishi, and Guo Caizhen did not leave.

Mo Fan is also watching this one-eyed demon wolf at this moment. He can clearly see that the one-eyed demon wolf has become a transparent muscle, and a single blood vessel in the muscle is clearly visible. They are hot and hot, and they are fast in one eye. The devil wolf is flowing inside!

The bones of the one-eyed demon wolf are squeaking, and the bones in the shoulder position grow out directly from the muscles and become a sharp shoulder bone.

Its giant bones are also growing, penetrating from the muscles of the back, and the blood-stained bones are smashed into a spine-filled ridge, and the cold moonlight falls down, making it even more terrible!

"Fire bursts!!!"

Xu Dayang finally couldn't calm down, and a whole group of flames gathered in his hand and thrown away with a bit of indignation toward the monster.

"嘣~~~~!"

The flame blasted in front of the one-eyed demon wolf, and the fierce fire tongue swallowed the one-eyed demon wolf, and the fire burned the entire street.

The heat wave filled the old street all at once, and the old banyan tree burned up under the burst of the flame and began to spread toward the old building.

The people in the old building had already escaped, and the houses on both sides were a mess after the burst.

Such fierce power, presumably can also give a certain trauma to the one-eyed demon wolf.

When the fire finally dissipated, suddenly a figure of still immersed in flames flew out from the explosion position, and all things were hit along the way...

"Captain, be careful!!" Fei Shi shouted.

Xu Dayang's face is covered with a stunned color.

After bearing a fire and burst, this one-eyed demon wolf is safe and sound! !

"Ground wave!!"

The fat stone is desperately used to display skills.

It controls the surface, and wants to let the undulating surface of the future pull the flying one-eyed demon wolf back. Who knows that the speed of the one-eyed demon wolf is really too fast, and the ground wave pulled back will not have much effect. !

“呃呜~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!”

The one-eyed demon wolf that was still burning with flames leaped up, and the chest was full of strength. Then the open-legged arm claws crossed a cold mans in the dark, and the claws turned to the captain Xu Daqian.

"Water Guardian!"

Xiao can still complete her star track in times of danger, and several water ribbons are quickly woven into a piece of water and fall on the captain Xu Daqian.

The claws swept over, and the sly passed through this water guard.

A blood spray was sprayed, and the captain Xu Daqian had a long crack in his body. The look of the stunned look was like a straight cut! ! !