Xiao Ke has already been shocked.

She clearly guards the captain Xu Daqian with the water-killing skills, why this one-eyed wolf still tears open the captain's chest! ! ! !

"Team...Captain!!" Guo Caizhen also slugged the whole person.

One can ignore the fire? Burst, a one-eyed demon wolf that can directly tear the water guard? Is this really the demon they have dealt with on weekdays? ? ?

"Small, run!!" At this time, the fat stone shouted a little toward the small.

When the small wakes up, the whole person is like being soaked in the ice water. She feels the endless brutality and fierceness in the pupil of the one-eyed demon wolf.

Its next goal is to be yourself! !

"Ray printing? Crazy!"

When everyone fell into a state of panic, a purple lightning mark was placed on top of Mofan's head.

Hold one hand and hold your hand!

At the time of the thunder, all the lightning marks were turned into a long thunder and lightning whip. These thunder and lightning whip were madly beaten on the incomparable one-eyed demon wolf, playing the one-eyed demon wolf skin!

Every time the lightning whip is beaten down, there will be a follow-up arc that will enter the cruel one-eyed wolf body and enter its muscles and bones.

Unlike the original Rayprint? Scar, these ray-like lightning strikes, once there are multiple hits on them, and where there are lightning marks, these marks will transmit arcs to each other and continue to strike the target creature.

“呃呜!!!!!!!!”

The one-eyed demon wolf mourned with pain.

Its powerful thick muscles and steel plate body may be able to withstand the fire. The powerful destructive power of the burst, the madness of Ray's printing may only make it suffer from some skin trauma, but its muscles can't resist the paralysis of electric shock. And the arc is constantly conducting in its boiling body.

"Ray! One-eyed demon wolf is the most fearful of the body-powered creatures is the Thunder magic!" At this moment, Guo Caizhen exclaimed.

"This... this is a level 2 seal!!" The fat stone also looked a bit stunned.

When their hunter team was a little helpless, they did not expect that this new member who had not entered the team for a long time stood up.

The most important thing is that this kid doesn't know when to practice Raychem to the second level! !

The one-eyed demon wolf is in the same muscle, blood and bone changes as the reincarnation. This change makes the one-eyed demon wolf directly have the terrible fighting power after nearly advanced success. At this time, nothing is more perfect than the special explosive muscle creature. The lightning magic is effective!

Even though it is a level 2 print, the domineering of the elemental element is still vividly displayed at this time, and with the strong restraint of the thunder, the one-eyed demon wolf is somewhat staggering and soft.

In another place, Mo Fan, who stood very far, took a long breath.

Fortunately, the level 2 print is really effective, otherwise the consequences are unimaginable.

"Continue, van Gogh, continue, your thunderprint makes it impossible for muscles and bones to continue to grow. As long as it can restrain its advancement, we will be saved!" Guo Caiyu said in a hurry.

Mo Fan nodded.

The star trails reconnected, and the purple lightning mark once again appeared on the head of Mofan.

Even though the level 2 printing is still small and unfamiliar, it is impossible to have a little mistake when it comes to life.

The Thunderbolt whip once again madly beats the one-eyed demon wolf with some deformed body. This time, the mad spurt not only once again played the role of suppressing the one-eyed demon wolf, but even let the one-eyed demon wolf with some swelling and bone growth back. Signs of contraction.

"Good, Van Gogh!!"

"Suppressed!!!"

"Take it back to its original shape and get it back to its original shape!"

Everyone is excited and can't be their own. For them, the return of Mo Fan is to save the lives of all members.

"The numbness effect of Leiyin can't last forever. After the muscles and bones of the one-eyed demon wolf adapt to the electric shock, it may re-expand!" Guo Caizhen audibly reminded everyone.

The control effect of Leiyin is impossible to continue indefinitely, and Mofan himself is also very clear.

No matter what, delaying some time, Mo Fan feels that he is doing his best, at least let Li Wenjie successfully give Xu Dahuang to a safe place, as the captain Xu Daqian is a life is really hard to say.

“呃呜~~~~~~~~~!!!!”

A wolverine, the one-eyed demon wolf finally adapted to the numbness of the thunder, and this monster full of energy once again released the madness.

"No, it has to change again!"

Everyone's face changed again, which means that their lives are once again suspended.

After seeing this scene, Mo Fan knows that he really can't do anything about it.

At the moment, it can only be withdrawn. Her own prints can be regarded as a time for those innocent people, and it can be saved some people.

"The animals are still not dead!!!"

A solemn and high-spirited drink echoed over the old streets.

Without seeing others, Mo Fan felt a huge elemental force gathered in midair, and there were faint mists on his cheeks.

“哗哗哗~~~~~~~~~~~~~”

Mo Fan looked up and found in amazement that there was a big wave in the air! !

The raging wave in the air? ?

Mo Fan couldn't believe his eyes, but this surging storm actually rolled over the old eaves, and then the impact of the water like a **** was on the one-eyed demon wolf.

"Blood waves? Expulsion!"

Accompanied by this sacred magical sound, the raging water tide directly knocked down the one-eyed demon wolf, and turned into a flood that filled the entire old elm street in an instant.

All the banyan trees were almost washed away, and the walls of the old houses collapsed. The one-eyed demon wolf that was so violent was not even more struggling under this storm, and was living from the center of the street. Rush to the end of the street!

"Medium...Intermediate water magic!!" Xiao can see the whole face behind this scene because of the excitement and the red!

Storm!

This is the middle-level skill of the water system. Looking at the wave that is enough to fill a street, the same is the water system Master's small feeling that the whole person must be dizzy and excited.

In the middle class, the mid-level of dreams, the little magician like himself will arrive at the end.

The storm surged in front of the incomparable, but it was not rolled up to other people. What everyone can see is that this storm is like a raptor, smashing the one-eyed demon wolf, and almost rushing this old street!

Mo Fan is also watching this scene, and his heart is ashamed at the moment!

Mid-level magic, this is the middle-level magic, too strong! ! ! !