"Sorry, I am late, Xu Dawei, is he okay??" A middle-aged man in a dark blue shirt stood proudly on the roof of an old house, and there was still a slowly faded under his feet. Star map, amazingly dazzling.

Obviously this person is Yang Zuohe, it should be the nearest middle-level mage from here, but fortunately Xu Daqian and Guo Caizhen informed him in time.

And Yang Zuohe also looked at the bustling commercial streets just across the building. From him, he could even see people who were still shopping and who were not aware of the danger.

If this one-eyed demon wolf is successful and crosses those buildings, the commercial district will not know what kind of **** on earth!

Yang Zuohe has worked in the Bocheng Magic Association for so many years, and he has seen all kinds of magicians. Recently, this hunter-stricken squad of the Great Wilderness knows that the one-eyed demon wolf is still struggling to stop in the advanced stage. This heroic is truly admirable!

"The chest is torn open, the internal organs are okay, still alive, thank God." Li Wenjie tightly helped the captain Xu Dawei with a **** chest.

To be honest, Li Wenjie still can't quite understand the captain. Isn't his magician's life worth more than those people?

"I have already let a healing master come here, and find a way to help Xu Daqiu stop bleeding, I gave the life of this animal to death!" Yang Zuohe said.

After all, Yang Zuohe’s figure suddenly flickered. Mo Fan only saw that this person left a blue star track in the place and quickly disappeared into the place, and approached the already stormy wave at a very fast speed. A far-sighted demon wolf.

Mo Fan subconsciously followed the middle-level magician and finally found the one-eyed demon wolf covered with countless sundries at the end of the street.

The middle-level magic is the middle-level magic. The power is stronger than any of the first-order ones. The one-eyed demon wolf that has no help at all has become a half-dead old dog under the impact of this storm.

Think about it too, then the fierce waves beat past, how to say that the bones have to break a few, and then roll, soak, impact, and the power of the huge creature will directly become a mud.

Yang Zuohe apparently did not intend to let go of this one-eyed demon wolf, which almost poses a huge danger. He used the wind track to fall in front of the one-eyed demon wolf.

"Windpan!"

The sound of magic is reproduced, and Yang Zuohe is instantly transformed from a water magician into a wind mage who controls the power of the wind.

The air first appeared a heavy, breathless weight.

Suddenly, the surrounding air was taken away by something, and it flowed wildly.

Not far away, Mo Fan just rushed here, just to see the middle-aged magician in this blue shirt with one hand violently lifted up, the comet figure on the top of the foot and the top of the head is so beautiful and beautiful! !

“唿唿唿唿唿唿!!!!!!!!!”

It's not the soft wind of the wind track, it's not just the wind tunnel that makes it faster. At this moment, Mo Fan can obviously feel the arrogant air flow rotating in front, high-speed rotation! !

Soon, a turbid dragon roll appeared in front of him in shock.

The wind disk was born in the air, and the one-eyed demon wolf that was unable to move was smashed into the air, and a circular arc was thrown to a place more than 20 meters high.

The wind disk tornado has just robbed Mofan's inner shock, and it dissipated at an extremely fast speed.

And the one-eyed demon wolf like a small animal lost the wind and the power of the tornado and fell heavily from the sky! !

"boom!!!!!!!!"

The cement floor was directly sunken and there were numerous spider cracks.

The one-eyed demon wolf fell into a broken bone and the plasma splashed.

From the beginning to the end, this guy didn't make any more screams and roars, so he turned into a very miserable corpse under the two intermediate magic.

"Dead??" Mofan said something that he could not believe.

"Dead." Yang Zuohe saw Mo Fan with him, but he smiled affirmatively.

"I... can I go over and see?" Mofan asked.

"Yes. Oh, I didn't guess wrong. The previous print was released."

"it's me."

"Young man, doing very well, our Magic Association will join the Hunters League and the government to give you a prize." Yang Zuohe patted Mo Fan's shoulder.

Mo Fan approached the seemingly unrecognizable one-eyed demon wolf, slowly smashing the small mud from his collar.

The little muddy scorpion has a very strong reaction in the face of this one-eyed demon wolf who has just been killed. It is like calling something that someone else can't hear...

A wolf soul, slowly drifting out of the mouth of the one-eyed wolf.

This wolf soul can be seen, it looks like a small firefly is frightened from the grass, not know where to go.

The little mud smashed into a flash, and the wolf’s soul seemed to find a place to go, and it immediately floated here...

The little mud smashed the wolf soul directly into it, and then made a whistling sound, like a happy child whispering.

"It seems like...this is not a wreck." After the little mud smashed the soul of the one-eyed demon wolf, Mo Fan suddenly realized what it was.

The wreckage that was absorbed by the small muddy scorpion was basically a visor that was invisible and invisible, and the ray was particularly turbid. The small mud smashed it was a very stubborn absorbing, and the attitude was better than nothing.

But this time, the little muddy cockroaches are longing for a long time, and when the bite of the one-eyed demon wolf is eaten, the whole is happy...

Could it be that this time is fine? ? ?

Listening to Guo Haijun just mentioned that this one-eyed demon wolf is stealing the huge energy of the holy spring in Bocheng. It is hiding in the human city and secretly advanced, which means that the guy itself is nourished by good things. It will become so powerful, even reaching an advanced level.

And such a demon, the probability of being fine after death is quite high!

Because this is the only thing that the undead magician has the ability to collect, including Yang Zuohe, the mid-level master, if you don't have a special collection of fine vessels, it is impossible to see the incomparably pure firefly.

The essence of the dead creature will dissipate in less than 3 minutes. Yang Zuohe apparently has not collected the soul, so his interest in the body is not great.

I am afraid that this middle-level magician would never have thought that the kid who came over would have a vessel to collect the soul. Just when he turned around and told other people to handle the scene, the five million RMB fines were seen. There are still a few people and animals that are harmless, and Mo Fan took it away!

A dying body of a one-eyed demon wolf is very valuable, but it is far from the value of a small amount of precision! !