......

"Really... Hey, this student has not been assigned to my class, and fell to the hands of Zhang Jianguo. This made Zhang Jianguo go to Tianbao." Xue Musheng, the class teacher, was filled with envy.

At the forefront of Mu Bai, the face was a little more gloomy and disdainful.

The Lei system is terrific. If you don’t know how to cultivate, it’s still a waste wood. The Chinese population has so many strong lines. It’s nothing to be fussed. It’s not a natural double-lined talent. Hey, wait, I won’t step you on. Flat, actually dare to grab the limelight with me.

Oh, I almost forgot to see what Mofan’s **** is. I’ve been awakened for so long and basically failed.

"Wow, wow, it’s the fire system!!"

"No, there is another fire system in our class."

"Who said that he will wake up and fail, it is actually a fire system, so enviable."

After the thunderstorms suddenly calmed down, everyone finally discovered Mofan’s awakening system.

The girl who called Zhou Min before the awakening of fire was a little surprised. She took a look at Mo Fan and found that there was indeed a flame on his awakening stone. This flame felt more powerful than her own.

"There are another fire department in the 8th class."

"Although not as rare as the Thunder, the fire system is very powerful!"

"Fire... fire system..." Xue Musheng looked at the student in front of his face.

The appearance of the Thunder system made Xue Musheng almost forget the existence of this problem student. He thought that this student would awaken and fail. He did not expect that he was awakened successfully. What he did not even think was that he was awakened by the outstanding fire system! !

This... this is also a treasure! !

And look at this fire and prosperity, it seems that the talent is still higher than Zhou Min.

Xue Musheng did not think that the students who felt that they would pull back the class suddenly suddenly gave themselves a long face!

"Yes, good, very good, what is the name... Oh, Mo Fan right!" Xue Musheng squinted with joy.

"Well." Mofan nodded.

Mo Fanben thought that someone saw the awakening of his Thunder, but when he looked around, he unexpectedly found that no one noticed the thunder awakening before him...

It is estimated that the Thunder system in the next class is really shocking, or the Thunder system that is awakened by itself is too weak.

The strength and weakness of the beginning of the awakening has an influence, but it is not decisive. Even if the system of awakening at first is weak, it can be slowly compensated by the hard work of the day after tomorrow.

"Fire students, good, grace, we must work hard in the future, if you don't understand anything, even if you ask the teacher." Xue Musheng, the class teacher, took a shot on Mofan's shoulder, very gratified.

Mo Fan is still in ecstasy.

However, he was not too smug, and it was generally accepted that the youngsters could not wait to show off the Thunder system that they had just awakened. A natural double-system explosion ended the Thunder.

Mo Fan didn't do that, and he was a talented person, let alone people?

Mo Fan knows that someone at Mu's side is very hostile to himself. If he shows a natural double system, he either obeys or is killed. He has a peerless double system, but he is too weak, and he is stronger. It’s not too late to be crazy! !

Mo Fan looked back at Mu Bai and Zhao Kunsan's reaction.

Sure enough, these two guys are twitching!

"What did this kid have to do, the awakening did not say success, but also awakened the fire system!" Mu Bai seems to be sloppy, but the heart is swearing.

"I have a grass, how is this possible, the fire system..." Dogs and legs Zhao Kunsan also looked silly.

"Haha, I said that Mofange must be extraordinary, fire system, cow B, is cow B, you Zhao Kun three wind system is a ball." Zhang Hou happy jumped up, saw the dog legs Zhao Kun three that look like I feel a bit bad.

Zhao Kunsan is full of anger, and if the wind department first competes with the fire system, it must be the wind system!

Mo Fan turned around, his face was full of smiles, and the sun was bathing like a carpet under his feet. The girls on both sides screamed, how can a spring breeze be described.

When he walked past Mu Bai, Mo Fan silently erected the **** towards him, and the whole contempt movement was done in one go, and it looked like he did not violate the feeling of greeting.

Mu Bai feels that he has eaten a whole set of ridiculous taunting skills, and his chest is stuffy.

Taking a deep breath, Mu Bai told himself to maintain his image. He must maintain his image. He can't have a general knowledge of this little one. He is a half-master of the Mu family. This guy is just a son of a servant.

This waste awakened successfully, not to mention, even awakened is the fire system with great advantages in the early stage, the waste also has the dog's waste... And, even more fucking, there is a rare mine system in the next class, this one. The rumors of the ancestral ice system were completely crushed by him, and the mother was an egg! On the surface, Mu Bai, a white horse prince, has already been swearing in his heart.

Mo Fan returned to his position and felt the different eyes of the students around him...

"The fire system is also, this guy will try not to get into it later."

"What do not provoke, to make a good relationship, if I want to mix in a school of light, I have to rely on the big brother of the fire department to support."

"What is his name, is it Mofan?"

Around the classmates whispering, but also into the Mo Fan Er, Mo Fan burst into a refreshing, and deliberately looked at the same white Mu Bai, I really have been pumping.

Mo Fan knew that Mu Bai was a good thing. He put green tea all day long. When he saw the fake expression on his face, he knew that his heart was extremely uncomfortable.

Green tea male, I am awakened to a fire system, you will become a virtue, waiting to know that you Mofan grandfather and Thunder system ... you can not kill yourself? ?