Not long after, the military mages appeared in this old Banyan neighborhood.

One of the treatment department mages also timely repaired the wound that was torn open for the captain Xu Dayan. Fortunately, Xu Dawei was a magician. He was changed by Stardust and changed some physiques.

Seeing the big blood marks from the chest to the abdomen in Xu Dachen, Mo Fan also clearly realized how important the defensive skills are. I also fortunate that I have a defensive magical skeletal shield in my hand, otherwise I will hang myself.

"Mr. Yang, I think it is still a warning. The frequency of the demon in the city is somewhat high. This is somewhat abnormal." Guo Caiyu said to the middle-ranking mage Yang Zuohe.

"Our Magic Association has been discussing with the Hunter Alliance. The government is also considering this matter. It is only that we have only recently sounded a warning. The time interval is so short and once again, it is easy to cause panic. Yang Zuohe said.

"The one-eyed demon wolf, which should not appear in the city, has appeared... I always feel that something bad is going to happen." Guo Caizhen said.

"Reassure, we are already tracing. The law and order of the city is also constantly adding people. As for some bizarre situations, we can't take care of it. We also need to rush to the squad squad." Yang Zuohe said.

"We have done our best, but the captain has been seriously injured, we acted..." Guo Caixi said.

"I will let a fire master to temporarily serve, waiting for your captain's recovery, then when you add a new member to the hunter team, it is still a Lei Master." Yang Zuohe smiled and looked at Mo Fan.

"Recruitment."

"Recruitment??" Yang Zuohe was stunned, very helpless. "The first time I heard that Lei Master still needs to go to the Master Recruitment Fair."

Everyone smiled and looked at Mo Fan with a gaze.

Mo Fan’s performance actually surprised everyone. When everyone thought that they would be killed by this advanced one-eyed demon wolf, his 2nd-level thunderprint played an absolute role. The hunter team was very glad that they were jealous. To such a Lei Fa Shi who is willing to follow their team in the city, it is necessary to know that the Lei Fa division who controls the level 2 Lei Yin is mostly to be provided by the big family, even if it is to the Hunter League, the Magic Association, and the government. Pick the appropriate position.

Yu Ang stood there, seeing everyone's eyes on the young Lei Fa Shi, the corner of his mouth could not help but float.

Even though there is a halo of ice family, even though the younger generation is outstanding, the aura of the thunder can still eclipse him!

"Color enamel, in order not to let the van Gogh change job, or you will be bound by him, and he will save your life anyway, you still don't know how to repay." The fat stone said badly.

"Roll!" Guo Caizhen's proud face is pink, but it is fierce and evil.

On the side of Yu Ang's face suddenly became more gloomy.

......

The one-eyed demon wolf storm finally subsided.

Changed the dress and returned to the school dormitory. When Mo Fan just planned to go back to the wall, he found a petite figure shaking at the door.

"Zhou Min?" Mo Fan was a little surprised, how the girl had not gone home to sleep, what to do here.

"Mo Fan, that's great... I thought you..." Zhou Min saw that Mo Fan was safe and sound, and his eyes were moist and moist.

After all, Zhou Min was still a girl in the flower season. She was very touched when she was rescued by Mo Fanshe at the earliest experience. However, she was not touched by the little pride of the girl. This time, because of her grandmother’s business, she almost let When she lost her life, Mo Fan rescued her and her grandmother again. This kind of kindness didn't know how to repay it.

Mo Fan saw Zhou Min crying and crying, but also embarrassed.

"In short, thank you for saving my grandmother, my parents have been very busy, my grandmother brought me big..." Zhou Min continued.

After comforting for a while, Mo Fan advised Zhou Min to go back to the girls' dormitory.

In the middle of the night, a boy sent the girl back to the dormitory, and the girl cried his nose. The picture always reminded the students who were full of food.

Once I went to the dormitory, the roommates started to feel cool or uncomfortable. It’s really boring. What is Laozi’s special way to save the world?

After everyone fell asleep, Mo Fan ran to the rooftop dam of the teaching building.

Here is Mofan’s own cultivation of holy places, mostly not? Some people bothered.

"The little muddy cockroach has eaten a fine, how can it react a little, just like sleeping?" Mofan sat on the dam and talked to himself.

Just after the words, the little muddy squats wake up like a little baby, and when it trembles, it glows and shines only in the area of ​​the square.

These radiances look viscous and feel like a silk wrapped in a black pendant.

Reborn? ?

Seeing this change in the small mud pendant, Mo Fan couldn’t help thinking of the word.

In fact, the small muddy scorpion is indeed changing under the ray of this light. Its surface has been obviously transformed, it is no longer so rusty, it looks like a bit of jade.

"What the old man left me is really a treasure!" Mo Fan could see God.

He can already clearly feel the change of the muddy fall, and when it is completely transformed, the position of the chest is constantly transmitting very comfortable energy.

When the level of Stardust is nourished, it is soaked in hot springs, and the body will stretch out with the comfortable heat and soft flowing, and the feeling of quick relaxation of body and spirit is very obvious.

After the muddy cockroaches changed, Mo Fan more clearly felt wrapped in a special thing, what to say, that is soft silk...

This kind of soft silk does not have any restraint on the body and the action. They are tightly attached to their own body, so that Mo Fan, who has experienced a big battle, is refreshed and comfortable a lot, just like the baby is lying on the warmth. In the crib, with peace and peace.

Mo Fan was overjoyed.

Although he has never been exposed to the spirit of the Stardust, he has clearly felt that the effect of nourishing energy must be the spirit of the Stardust, even... In addition to letting yourself fatigue quickly eliminate, Mo Everyone who feels his own stardust is also nourished, and that feeling is like he is meditating.

"Can you increase the repair without meditation?" Mo Fan is full of spirits!