The time of Mo Fan's meditation has always been longer than others. With the help of the Stardust Magic, there is no problem in practicing for 12 hours a day. However, people's time is limited. If the more advanced Stardust is just to make it last longer, the meaning is not very big. Mofan can't always be 24 hours a day. Used for meditation?

After the practice battle, Mo Fan learned that it is not enough for the magician to improve his strength by meditation. Instead, he experienced the battle, threatened his life, and became stronger when he encountered a strong enemy. It can promote the temperature increase of the stardust to a certain extent.

Therefore, Mo Fan must also join the action of the Demon Hunting Team while maintaining a long-term practice every day.

If the more advanced Stardust Magic just adds magical cultivation time, it would not be so efficient for Mofan, who has a daily practice time of up to ten hours.

Unexpectedly, the spirit of the Stardust Devil is not only to allow Mo Fan to continue uninterrupted meditation, but also to some extent directly nourish the stardust.

Stardust will grow slowly when it is not overhauled.

At the time of meditation, Stardust will grow at a higher efficiency!

The time for Mofan's meditation has been maximally lengthened, and the efficiency of meditation has been improved. It is really a rocket upgrade!

"Very good. In this case, I can not only upgrade the fire system skills to the third level before graduation, but even the thunder system can grow to the third level. If you work harder, you may have the hope to touch the middle magician. Daokan!!"

When the stars reach the third level, it also means that the stardust is promoted to the nebula not far away!

Mo Fan has consulted a lot of information about the middle magician.

The line that was originally formed in the spirit world of the magician is called stardust.

And when the stardust of the magician spiritual world turns into a nebula, a region that looks more beautiful, it means that the magician has reached the level of the middle class!

The nebula is much larger than the stardust. If the stardust is just the little dust that is so bright and bright in the vast universe, the nebula is a cloud of stars that are gathered together by a whole star, and there are more magical energy inside the nebula. There are also more stars in the nebula. When the magician can form a variety of stars in the whole nebula into a specific star pattern, it means that the powerful mid-level magic will break through the sky and shock!

The stars in the stardust are connected to the star track, which is the first-order magic!

The stars in the nebula are connected to the star map, which is the middle magic!

Mo Fan will not forget the picture of the ingenious star of the mid-level mage named Yang Zuohe who stepped on the foot of the middle-level magic. It is different from the glimmering light of the star track. The star map is more beautiful and mysterious. The power is enough to make all the magicians who are still in the first stage fascinated!

The middle-level water magic-storm that fills the entire street, and the one-eyed magic wolf that weighs the weight of a car to the mid-level wind magic-wind disk at a height of more than ten meters, the handsome bomber does not say, Power is even more explosive, and the initial skills are not at all a level!

It’s just that the middle-level magic of the wind system and the middle-level magic of the water system are so cattle B. When I master the middle-level Thunder skills and the mid-level fire skills, is it still afraid of his Mu's family? ?

Diligent practice, diligent practice!

My life is just beginning! !

......

......

The winter wind has never been unfavorable in the north. Wherever it goes, the trees in the area must be taken off the leaves and dressed in red.

In the south, the trees are birds and birds are not winter winds. If you let the wind blow you, I will sprinkle myself from evergreen, and shake the leaves. It is the face of the season, with a green crown for 365 days a year. That is commonplace.

Mo Fan is a city that is not particularly distinctive in the season of Bocheng. The season is bright and it is also changed within one day. At that time, it means that the typhoon dad is coming.

It was also a typhoon season. Mo Fan and his friends were in the dormitory. The dormitory was wet and cold, and there was some silence in the dormitory. Most of the students were in the magical college entrance exam for the coming year. Sprint.

Everyone knows that just a magician who graduated from high school, most of them still have to work hard in the society, can't find higher positions, and it is more difficult to cultivate high-level magic. To be truly outstanding, become respected. The magician must be admitted to the Magic University, so that the hope of becoming a mid-level magician is even greater.

The mid-level magician has always been a reincarnation of all the magicians, and all the students are working hard in this direction.

"Mofan brother, I am awakened by the healing system. If Mofan brother is going to be injured, I can use magic to treat you." A text message came quietly, accompanied by a cute smiley face.

Mo Fan slightly glimpsed.

Nima, what is the situation?

"Cure system? Why do you wake up to be a healing system? All of us are awakened by the elemental system. Why do you wake up white magic in the first stage?" Mofan asked in a hurry.

"The vast majority of people's first-line awakenings are elements, but there are always some special cases. In addition, I have heard that there is a certain probability of awakening a particular magic system through some special things." Ye Xinxia Reply Road.

"Guidance Awakening? If I want to awaken the dark system when I reach the middle level, can it be done through the guidance you said?" Mo Fan’s heart was happy, and he felt that he had got a new world.

"Yes, you can collect the guiding substances."

"Heart summer, love you, help me solve a big problem."

Mo Fan feels great at once.

He always thought that the awakening was random, and what department was caught. I didn't think there was a theory of guiding awakening in the world. Then when I reached the second-order awakening opportunity, I also tried to guide the awakening. You can get the dark line! !

The window of magic is constantly open to Mo Fan during this time. Every time you open a Mofan, you can see the scenery that you can't yearn for, and let yourself have more motivation and enthusiasm for cultivation!

The thunderstorm stardust and the fire stardust have progressed smoothly, and the speed of lifting is a little faster than they thought. Especially after the meditation, they fought with the squad team. I don’t know how to open the students around me. How much?

However, this thing does not need to be so high-profile to show, until the magical college entrance examination day, the little friends must be shocked to chin on the concrete floor!