......

Time flies, Mo Fan dedicated this precious youth to cultivation and hunting demon, and never tired.

In a blink of an eye, Mo Fan has more than 15 hunters in the demon squad, which is also a very experienced magician in the eyes of the hunter league.

On the school side, the magic college entrance examination, which allows all the students to jump into the Dragon Gate, is slowly approaching.

"Your comfortable days are coming to an end, Mo Fan." Zhao Kunsan said to Mo Fan, gloating.

Graduating soon, it also means that the magic duel that was witnessed by many school leaders has arrived.

I have to say that Mu Zhuoyun is a guy who is a traitor. He set the time for the duel before the magic college entrance examination.

In other words, if Mo Fan made a small accident in this magical duel, it is likely to affect his play in the magic college entrance examination.

"Fan Ge, saying, I heard neighbors say that Mu Zhuoyun is preparing for the 18-year-old rite of Yu Ang. Originally, our Bocheng is very concerned about adulthood. A big family like Mu Shi will definitely put them. Very important children's adult rites are set to be more important than anything else." Zhang Xiaohou said.

"I know that they can be said to be guests of the banquet, four giants, many people with faces in Bocheng have been invited, and family members like to do this," Mo Fan said.

"But this is too bad for you. This old **** is obviously in the pit, take you to the guy named Yu Ang as a stepping stone. Fan is now the best student of Scorpio Magic High School, this magical duel If you lose under the watchful eyes of so many people, isn’t it just to give their family a long-term prestige? The first of our more than 1,500 people in the Scorpio Magic High School is no match for the family children they have cultivated. President Zhu is definitely not able to go down. Taiwan."

President Zhu is the president of Scorpio Magic High School. He and Mu Zhuoyun are the two old rivals of Bocheng.

President Zhu’s prestige in Bocheng is very high. After all, he is the most popular among the people. Many grassroots magicians are inseparable from the support of President Zhu. Master Zhu also excavated a lot of outstanding magic with no background through the school. division.

Mu Zhuoyun is a representative of the typical magic family and family, and specializes in cultivating your children. With the excellent aristocratic son Mu Zhuoyun also made his position in Bocheng long-lasting.

And after a while, there will be a contest between grassroots magic and family magicians. Mu Zhuoyun is most happy every year when he looks at the young magician from his family and gives the students who have been trained in the public school of Zhu Tianchang’s magical high school to the abused individual. He also laughs and pats Zhu’s shoulder. The identity of a large school manager: Your quality of school still needs to be improved!

Deng Kai and Zhu were completely on the side of the students, so when Mo Fan was obsessed with Mu Zhuoyun, even if Mo Fan did not lead the matter to a duel with the younger generation of Mu's, they would calm the matter down.

A student who got three S in the annual assessment is simply the treasure of their school. How can it be suppressed by Mu Zhuyun, the emperor?

After hearing the extraordinary experience of Mo Fan's important practice to kill the ridiculous summoning beast, President Zhu and Deng Kai were even more treasured.

Mo Fan may not know that Master Zhu and Deng Kai have always been very concerned about him, but the two old Masters who have cultivated grassroots magicians as their main purpose have always paid attention to them.

However, the school is a school, and there is not much selfishness. They also hope that the Stardust Magic will be used by Mo Fan all the time, but they can't be as thick as the family!

......

Just as the adult rites of Yu Ang are like the Bocheng Grand Festival, President Zhu and Deng Kai finally couldn’t help but call Mofan to the principal’s room.

Deng Kai Mo Fan has seen it. The person who stood up to help himself is him. The great elder of the Bocheng Hunter League is still above the middle-level magician named Yang Zuohe.

Zhu Fan, the principal of Zhu, was the first to see. The old principal, who is very prestigious in the hearts of students and parents, is actually quite a semi-hermit, but he will still come out to preside over the big things.

"Mo Fan, there are some things we need to solemnly tell you." Deng Kai took the lead.

Mo Fan stood there and listened carefully.

"In fact, every once in a while, our Scorpio Magic High School students and family disciples will have a discussion. In the past years, we will select one of the best and most practical students from all the students to meet the children of Bocheng. ...... Originally, we put expectations on Xu Zhaoxuan. After all, he is a rare mine system, and he has a better chance of winning in the game. However, in the annual assessment, you have achieved a very good result, and you are bold and straightforward. Provoking them to the family, in order not to let Mu Zhuoyun wear small shoes for you, we deliberately introduce things to this will be conducted." Deng Kai said very seriously to Mo Fan.

"I know... oh, I mean, thank the two principals for helping me out," Mo Fan said.

"To be honest, we have already dragged you for two years. We have counted how much you grew up in the past two years. Therefore, after all, you have to pay for the shackles of the time." Deng Kai shook his head helplessly.

Deng Kai has learned some news from other people. The repair of Yu Ang has soared in the past two years. Coupled with the actual combat exercises provided by the family, Mo Fan may not be his opponent even if he is clever. Anyone who can kill the summoned beast knows that it is with some luck.

"Hey, Mo Fan, we all know that God is sometimes unfair, giving some people the privilege of being born, some people have nothing, but this does not mean that you can blame the people, you can be so rash. To vent your indignation, you may have expressed dissatisfaction with these superior people that day, many people are like this, but that means you are pushing yourself to the edge of an abyss, and your strength is far from enough to compete with a family. When it’s time to swallow, it’s not a bad thing.” Zhu’s long-speaking voice said.

President Zhu has been a principal for so many years and has seen too many arrogant students. Some of them have indeed achieved glory and become admired magicians. Some of them have fallen into disappointment and can no longer hear any news from them.

Talent is very important, and cultivation is also very important. What is more important is to judge the situation and not to do meaningless things. The protection that the school can provide is only a few years, and the society is still the ones that the superiors say.

"Thank you for the teaching of the two principals. I was willful." Mofan nodded.

"We are calling you today. It is not entirely for the purpose of educating you... We actually hope that you will win in this decisive battle, because the winner will receive the only opportunity to practice in Bocheng." President Zhu continued.

“Di Shengquan??” Mofan’s eyes lit up at once.