This is not the first time Mo Fan heard the Holy Spring. It seems to be the one-eyed eye. The wolf is stealing the energy of the Holy Spring and almost advanced to a higher level. Obviously, this place must be the city of Bocheng. Tiancai Dibao, even the demon does not hesitate to break into the dangerous land of humanity to steal.

"Our Bo City naturally has some special resources, which are specially provided to students who are about to enter the University of Magic... Unfortunately, Di Shengquan is a very very limited resource, and we can only open one student for each session. This student is not only choosing from the school, but the magic family and the family are going to compete in competition." President Zhu said.

Speaking of this, Deng Kai could not help but smile: "President Zhu, we have not got this unique qualification for many years, I feel that I have to be contracted by the family."

“It’s not surprising that families and families can concentrate their resources on a good child, and the edification and training they receive are not what a big pot of our school can offer.” President Zhu’s performance was relatively calm and seemed to have long been This matter is bleak.

"Mo Fan, you don't have to look too heavy to win or lose this time, let you realize that the strength of the family is better, so that you will be more calm and harder in the future cultivation. As for Muhammad You don't have to worry too much about your revenge. You are admitted to the Magic University. They are naturally not too long. Even if you stay in Bocheng, we are willing to continue to cultivate you." Deng Kai said.

After listening to the two teachers, Mo Fan was still moved.

It is no wonder that President Zhu and Deng Kai are so prestigious in the minds of students and parents. They have always stood on the side of ordinary students. They would rather protect ordinary students under the pressure of family and family. This is really difficult. It is valuable, you must know that the school leaders of many public schools are all climbing dragons.

"Okay, the day after tomorrow, the mentality is coming, and the performance is good. Although it is almost impossible to win the Muang carefully created by Mu's, this duel is an opportunity for you, not when you can. Gathered to so many Bocheng characters to see a young man’s battle."

"Well, even if you are promoted to the Magic University, a magician's promotion can not be lack of resources. If you have a force to look at you before you enter the university, and you are willing to support you, then it will be good after entering the university." A lot, after all, the competition between college magicians will be more intense. If you have nothing, it is against the magical students from more powerful forces." President Zhu said to Mo Fan.

The two teachers did not say something too sham, but told him very well what Mofan would encounter in the future. He hoped that Mo Fan could understand that the magician's growth was not that simple.

Mo Fan once again expressed gratitude to the two teachers.

......

......

Time flies, the Mu's family is in full swing in their estate.

Mo Fan walked out of the school, 45 degrees to the sky, and could not help but feel that Nima had passed three years!

It won't take long for you to get out of this school.

Three years ago, I walked out of high school. Three years later, I was about to leave this high school.

Today, there are still countless cars parked at the school gate. Most of them come to pick up their lovely magician children to go home. The school gives students ten days of self-study time, just to meet the magical college entrance examination ten days later.

Before the magic college entrance examination, Mo Fan naturally had his own test.

In fact, he has been waiting for this day for a long time! !

He will not forget that three years ago, Mu He’s high-spirited attitude took away their house, and the humbleness of his father, Mo Jiaxing, made Mofan look more stunned.

He will not forget that Mu Zhuoyun’s self-confidence attitude was two years ago. He left their family like a dog at an early age, but they throw a bone on the day and call themselves back. Want to be dominated by these powerful guys at the bottom of this society?

No one should be a slave unless he is born, unless he is willing to give his master a shoe!

Yesterday's self is really not enough, jumping clowns, juggling mice. Tomorrow, they will embark on their Mu's family. With these years of hard work, they will defeat the disciples they have worked hard to create, so that these idiots know what the fire of the stars can be!

......

"Mo Fan, Mo Fan!" A familiar middle-aged man shouted at himself.

"I heard that the school gave you a repair today, and specially came to pick you up." Mo Jiaxing revealed a row of white teeth with a blank smile on his face.

It seems that I suddenly returned to the test site of the defeat three years ago, the same car full of school gates, the same father Mo Jiaxing full of sweat standing in the crowd.

The difference is that Mo Jiaxing is a lot of black and thin, and I don’t have to think that he has not stopped running for this family for three years.

The difference is that you have grown up to be a magician who masters thunder and fire!

At least, I was so worthy of the decision that Mo Jiaxing did not hesitate to send himself to the magic school!

"Dad, you don't have to work so hard, don't I send you a sum of money?" Mo Fan saw that Mo Jiaxing was so dark, and his heart was not good.

"Your money is kept by yourself. There are many places where the magician asks for money. I heard the old wizards in the station say that there is a thing called Stardust to speed up the cultivation. I can see if I can raise money. Buy one for you, lest you have nothing at the university, what do you fight with the children in big cities?" Mo Jiaxing said with a smile.

Mo Fan didn't know what to say for a while.

Magic replaced science, but Mo Jiaxing was as simple and straightforward as a normal father.

"Nothing, this school has to offer to me, don't worry, you have the money to go with the little girl to see what the house is, don't say buy, rent a house first." Mo Fan said.

This year, Mo Fan can hunt a lot of demon, commission is not expensive, 123,000.

Money can't buy magic tools here, you can't buy magic gear, but you can let your father take a break and ease the economic pressure.

In fact, Mo Fan does not know how to tell his father, Mo Jiaxing. The Stardust Magic is actually very expensive. It is not that you can buy it after working hard for a few years. This kind of thing can't afford to work for a few years.