"No need, no need, you go to college, who lives in the house, my heart is still better in your little aunt, our big man is not good to take care of her, I give you a little money every month...say, You gave me a hundred thousand in the card, plus 80,000 of my sports car, there is also a 200,000, can buy a magical thing, I heard that this thing is very important for the magician. "Mo Jiaxing continued.

"Magic, I have it!"

"Oh, oh, I forgot, you got a magical tool from the hollow, saying that you can really give a long face, and that thing I listened to the old hunters in the station, I don’t know how many times! When it comes to this matter, Mo Jiaxing is full of brilliance, but I don’t know that it has been a year.

"Tomorrow I will go to Muhammad Hill and a magical duel called Yu Ang." Mo Fan said seriously to Mo Jiaxing.

"I know, I know, I have asked some of the old people in Mu's, let them advise Yu Ang to put some water on it, anyway, you are going to add a color to his adulthood. You can have a face in so many Boss. It’s a golden story for you to show yourself in front of the characters, saying that you thought of this good way to get ahead. However, don’t offend Mu Laozi again, you and Ning Xue’s old man are not Happy, you stupid kid really, almost the other people's palm of the family to turn away, young age!" Mo Jiaxing said.

In the past, Mo Jiaxing did not blame Mo Fan.

At that time, Mo Fan was only a few years old, and it was normal to do something stupid. Moreover, the problem was not all in his son. The problem was that the power of others was really too big.

Hey, if Muning Snow is an ordinary girl, how good is it, and I have another daughter-in-law. This stinky boy has no other skills, but the ability to turn girls in a small age is unique.

This magical duel, Mo Jiaxing seems to be a good thing.

Like many children with better conditions, they are all eager to appear in this grand ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial The boy doesn't feel too arrogant and really wants to fight and win with others. What kind of family is at home? Let's get a foil and a supporting role. In the future, Yu Ang really can become a big man in Bocheng, and there is also a "one with one." The name of the war!

"Dad, I can win!" Mo Fan said sincerely.

"Don't be too angry, don't worry too much, you can have the current results, I am already very satisfied." Mo Jiaxing smiled and patted Mo Fan's shoulder.

Mo Fan looked at Mo Jiaxing's attitude, and he was puzzled.

Why do you think that I am going to be a cannon fodder for others? ?

......

The invitations of the Mu's family were sent out early. The whole Mu's manor was really full of friends and big coffee. This was a busy job for the workers who lived around Mu's Manor. Even a weed with a flower. It is necessary to deal with it.

Mu Zhuoyun really tried his best for this adult rite, and he had to know the general Bocheng.

Mo Fan had wondered before, how did Mu Zhuoyun let himself fight with Yu Ang, and the old fox had already planned it, and they could add a big head to their grand banquet.

Just eating, drinking, drinking, it doesn't mean anything. Look at how good the young people are fighting. Not only did they clean up Mofan's ditch mouse in the eyes of the public, but they also gave them a big face. Why not? What?

To be honest, Mo Fan really didn't think that Mu Zhuoyun's old **** would make such a big fan.

I am afraid, as President Zhu and Deng Kai said, this is a contest between the children of the family and the students of the school.

Mo Fan is now worthy of the name. The student with the highest score in the Scorpio Magic High School, I am afraid that even if he is not early, Mu’s trouble will eventually fall to him to play this game with his family.

Yeah, new and old grudges count together!

"Old bastard, you make it bigger and bigger, Laozi will make your face more ugly!!!" Mo Fan stood in front of the old house in the past, looked up at the brightly lit, light-colored Mu's Mountain Villa, face hook I got a sneer.

......

Above the villa, Mu Zuoyun inexplicably hit a sneeze.

Sitting in the tea room, he touched his mouth and looked at the glory of Muning Snow, who had returned early in the summer vacation.

"The original rite is prepared for you, but Dad didn't think that you are far better than we thought. Little Bocheng is not what you should fight for. This adult rite is for Yu Ang, and Yu An is dead to our family. Can be the right arm of your family and other children of the big family!" Mu Zhuoyun said.

For this daughter, he Mu Zhuoyun is also painstaking.

"Why are you still holding on to him, even if you need a good name to let Yuang get the chance to be a holy spring, you can choose other people." Finally, Muning Snow could not help but speak.

Mu Ningxue is of course Mofan.

"The little **** yelled at me in front of so many people. I can spare him. He is not self-satisfied. Doesn't he feel that he is very good? I have given him such a great opportunity. What is wrong with me? Already arranged, when you sit next to watch it." For this matter, Mu Zhuoyun suddenly changed.

I still care for that kid now?

Mu Zhuoyun did not understand the many outstanding children of the big family. Why did she both be lazy and talked a lot, should pay attention to a poor boy who had no bird skills except his mouth?

"That's called Yu Ang!" Mu Ningxue knew that his father would not compromise, so she also said one of her own bottom line.

"Reassured, I have a sense of proportion. I just want this little boy who knows how to be honest. He understands that his dignity was not worth mentioning when he stepped on it. And tomorrow he will understand that in the eyes of the public, he loses his body and loses his face. "Mu Zhuoyun has already laughed."

Small things, you play with me Mu Zhuoyun, when I am in Fengcheng, you are still in the womb.

My Mu Zhuoyun can change the pattern so that you can no longer lift your head in Bocheng!