Moonlight charm, calm Bo City has its own soft and elegant southern city, around the city, slowly flowing; the mountain is outside the city, endless.

Tomorrow is a very important day for your life.

The children of the poor have no idea of ​​swearing at the ceremony, but in the eyes of others, they already have a very good rite of rites, and they have made a supporting role in the rites of the rich children.

In the eyes of others, he is undoubtedly the one that squats on the ground and gives him a black leather insole, making him even more outstanding among his peers.

However, is it really?

Lifting the beer next to him, Mo Fanyan started to pour this icy wine into his throat.

In front of it is a tall building, the nearly 100-meter World Trade Center stands in front of itself, like a lonely sword standing proudly in the center of the entire bright city.

Mo Fan sat on the terrace where the wind rushed. He used to like to sit here. You can see the bustling scenery of the whole Bocheng. You can see the World Trade Center and you can see the Mu's Mountain Villa. You can see it. Through the city's Bohe, you can see the Tianzhu Magic High School located in Nanshan.

When the heart was quite emotional, the footsteps came from behind the building, which was very regular and gentle.

A little bit of cold wind blows from behind, and Mo Fan doesn't have to look back and know who the person is.

"I asked the heart of the summer, she said that you are here." The girl's clear and good voice passed over, if not so indifferent, the sound is as beautiful as the silver bell in the snow.

"I am still looking for me so late? I can't take you to run this time." Mo Fan grabbed a newspaper for peanuts and threw it to his side to signal someone to sit next to him.

Muning Snow stood there and saw Mofan’s familiar little movements in his eyes.

When he was young, he would take himself to some strange places to play. He could sit anywhere on the ground, but he was afraid to stain the beautiful skirt without sitting, and he didn’t know when he would find anything slightly clean. , laid aside, including his top. Although his coat is sometimes dirty.

"Don't go tomorrow, Yu An will slap your hand. He will listen to my father. Anything that is not good for my father is just a sentence. He will hate it and die." Muning Snow did not go, just standing Said to Mo Fan there.

"Your dad really adopted a good dog. It is estimated that in this city, whoever bites him will bite." Mo Fan has no good feelings for Yu Ang.

"He is very weird, I don't like him either," Muning Snow said.

"That line, I will help you teach him lessons tomorrow." Mo Fan said with a smile.

"Do you understand? I will let you not go tomorrow." Muning Snow frowned.

"Miss, are you going to the middle magician?"

"Don't go tomorrow, escape the robbery, go to the Magic University immediately. You will slowly control the power in the family during the four years of college. When you return to Bocheng, no one will take you."

"Do you want to support me?? But I still have to go." Mo Fan turned his head and said with surprise.

"You..." Muning was so up and down.

He is very serious about helping him, but he still makes such jokes. In the end, he knew that he had offended his father. This Bocheng did not have the place where he was!

Muning Snow found that he could not communicate with Mo Fan and had to turn and leave.

......

"Fan Ge, I heard that the little princess went to see you." Zhang Xiaohou sent a text message and asked.

"Yes."

"how is it?"

"She still admires me quite a lot, let me understand the guy who called Yu Ang."

"speak English."

"Well, she told me to run, lest I be killed, hahahaha."

"Where, I also recommend you to run, Yu An is a pervert, the whole person is weird."

......

This day, after all, it is still coming.

Mo Fan, who lived in Xiaogu Moqing’s home early in the morning, can already hear the joyful voice from the mountain village not far away.

One after the other, the limousine drove down the curved mountain road to Mu's Manor. The people like Mo Fan who did not know whether to give up the title of "Yu An opponent".

Just stepping into the big iron gate, Mo Fan saw a few familiar figures.

"Li Wenjie, Fei Shi, you finally come, come on, come to our estate, there are several of the best chefs in Bocheng, to ensure your taste." Guo Caiyu stood at the door to greet their players.

"Ha ha ha, thank you for your blessing, we have a small city management to have a chance to come to the rich family's home to see." Fei Shi patted his hungry belly.

"It’s a pity that Van Gogh’s kid can’t come, or let him know about your extravagant life, and he will definitely chase after you.” Li Wenjie said.

Guo Caizhen’s glance at Li Wenjie.

Guo Caizhen actually felt a little pity in her heart. This time she was very eager to invite Van Gogh to come to her home to sit.

Hey, is it Van Gogh? ?

Guo Cai's eyes suddenly saw a familiar figure, and then took a closer look, Guo Caizhen suddenly full of disgust and irritability.

Where is Van Gogh, it is obviously a small bastard.

I really don't know what kind of dog daring this kid has eaten. Even if he has a duel with Yu, how can he be beaten and half-restrained?

"Hey, are you here?" Guo Caixi looked at Mo Fan with his eyes fixed, how can one be proud?

"Yeah, there is no place to have breakfast." Mo Fan said with full temperament.

Guo Cai is not angry with a fight, this little **** takes Muhammad Villa what is it, free buffet!

"If I apologize to me now, I will let Yu Ang light it to you." Guo Caiyu said coldly.

"You are worried about wearing the trousers. As for the big deal, I am responsible for you, how big," Mo Fan said.

"Go to hell!"

Mo Fan teased Guo Caizhen and laughed and walked toward Mu's Mountain Villa.

I am also an important person today, I should have my own position, forget it, so many delicious, eat it first.

"Who is this arrogant boy?"

"Which disciple of the family, our color sisters dare to play."

"Which family, the son of a driver, in public, we are the father of Mu, the man who fights with Yu Ang today is him." Guo Caizhen said with contempt.

“Now are young people so arrogant?”

"Not all, look at our team's van Gogh, the thunder, the strength is hard enough, young but not arrogant. Color ah, I really advise you to quickly win the van Gogh, to run with other women... ..." Fei Shi said again.

"Don't talk nonsense, hey, this time he invited him to come to my house, he didn't even come, who cares about him!" Guo Caizhen made a cheek on his cheeks and hurriedly whispered.

(I admire myself. I haven’t asked for a recommendation after the book for so many days. I have given you so many days of silence. Can you still give me a recommendation for the life of the cow B?)