Stepping into the Mu's Manor, Mo Fan accidentally heard the fat stone, Wen Jie and Cai Yan, they talked about themselves, and they secretly pondered if they knew that they said that Fan Mo and Mo Fan are the same person who does not know the face. What expression will be on it.

Forget it, still think about the duel of today.

Stepping into the large banquet hall of Mu's Manor, there are countless delicious foods, and Mo Fan, who is hungry alone, just wants to eat, but meets a handsome man who is surrounded by several young women.

"Good boy, I dare to come to the feast!" The Hu Shi man narrowed his eyes and looked at Mo Fan.

"The chief instructor, do you also lie to eat and lie?" Mo Fan did not expect the general instructor to be short.

"Cough, how to say you!" Hu Zhan hollowed out from the group of young women, took Mo Fan to the side, asked with an eyebrow, "How, after graduation, come to my army, you have to be able to A good magical university, how can my military department support your big expenses in the magical university. I know that your kid is a troublemaker, and we have government departments to protect you, to ensure that you can see which second-generation ancestors are dissatisfied. We will wipe your ass!"

The short-selling is not the first time that Lamofan has entered his team. It is not good to let Mofan spit out the expensive sacral shield.

"It's not good. It's boring to keep the frontiers all day long. I still want to go to the big cities." Mo Fan replied.

"What's good in big cities, reinforced concrete, car exhaust, stench of corruption, how can we stand in the mountains, the birds and flowers are good, and if you are not satisfied with the food, you can go out and hunt a few monsters to try them out, how easy?" Said with a smile.

"I don't want to go to the army anyway." Mo Fan said with certainty.

"Your line, line, line, your boy has a bone. Today you nod, and later put on a big event, the chief instructor will definitely help you to settle. Since you are so embarrassed, you are killed by the guy named Yu Ang!" I don’t want to hit the air.

In the name of his short-selling, what young magician is not coming to the hand, screaming for himself to receive his troops, this kid is good, he is not jealous of himself!

Mo Fan just got to go, but the hollowed out but the palm of his hand was on Mofan's shoulder.

"The chief instructor, what do you mean by this, I will not enter your team, you will not be strong?" Mo Fan's face is puzzled.

At this time, the hollow has already put away the look of the handsome and uncle, and there is a seriousness in the eyebrows. He presses down the voice: "If you don't join our team, help me a little."

"What is it busy?" Mo Fan is puzzled.

"When you and Yu Ang's kid fight, pay more attention to it."

"What do you pay attention to?"

"Just pay more attention."

"I didn't understand." Mo Fan just wanted to ask, there are already a few middle-aged men and women who seem to have a low status.

They are obviously empty old acquaintances, and they quickly greeted them with a smile.

Mo Fan was inexplicable and did not know what it was for him to do.

......

Not long after, the more important figures of Bocheng, such as President Zhu, Deng Kai and Yang Zuohe, appeared. These are all Mu Zhuoyun’s personal arrival with Yu Ang.

President Zhu represents the Magic School, Taishan Beidou of the Bocheng Magic School.

Deng Kai is the head of the Hunter League and has a detached status.

Yang Zuohe is the representative of the Magic Association, and his power is very close to the first two.

The military side is hollowed out. The chief instructor can be said to be the most powerful magician of this group of people. This is the true guardian **** of the city of Bocheng!

Mu Zhuoyun does not need to say, the leader of the family,

Mo Fan was surprised to find that these big men in Bocheng had basically seen themselves, and thus proved that they were already personal.

In fact, Mo Fan also knows that there are still many gaps between such old guys. It is because the identity of their students is outstanding. It is very easy to attract the attention of these leaders. They have stepped into the society, after the big waves It is estimated that they will soon be forgotten.

Luo Yunbo, Pan Lijun, Bai Yang, the three Mofan instructors also attended, according to the old birds in the station, Mo Fan learned that the strength of these three instructors will be stronger than the team of the demon team, Xu Da, a group of very close Middle-level Master level.

In fact, in Bocheng, reaching the middle-level Master level is already quite remarkable. Any force will be willing to offer a high-level job.

To put it bluntly, if Mo Fan can reach the middle-level Master level, Mu Zhuoyun can't dare to find him again. The entire middle-level Master of Bocheng can count.

......

"Mu Zhuoyun is really a big deal this time. I have invited so many people. I feel that Bocheng has some prestige and received the invitations. They all also sell the face of Lao Zhuoyun." At the banquet, someone has been whispering. It is.

"Isn't it? Muhammad has a Mu Ningxue. In the future, the status is definitely not the current level. Who does not know that Lao Zhuoyun will soon cover his hand, and today he will introduce his small head in Bocheng. If you want to mix in Bocheng in the future, if you can't come, please don't come, it is estimated that you have to blacklist." A man who seems to be a magic association said, he lowered his voice.

“Is there such an exaggeration?” said another person.

"Yes, absolutely. You talk about these people, how old are you to practice at the level of the middle magician, you are looking at Muning Xue, she is a few years old, so you can guess what Muhammad will be in the future. How much can be controlled by Bocheng."

"So, in addition to the hollow boss, this kind of secular, we have to take Lao Zhuoyun as one thing. I don't even know what the silly boy named Mo Fan thinks, we are this group of people. They have to be in front of Lao Zhuoyun, he is so good, he is good... I don’t want to mix in Bocheng!"

"Oh, it's hard to say, I heard that Muning Snow and Mu Zhuoyun are not very good. Muning Snow said that he can't move him. Mu Zhuoyun is not too much."

"Yeah, and I heard that the boy named Mo Fan is the first student of the Scorpio Magic High School. When he was experienced, he was deeply loved by the hollow boss. President Zhu and Deng Kai are sure to protect this student, even if it is He didn't want to offend Mu Zhuoyun. The hollow boss didn't take much care of it. The short-selling boss was afraid of who, who moved his soldiers and killed them in minutes!"

Feather found that the group was discussing the matter and immediately got together to mingle with the group.

Not long after, after the fat stone came back, Xiaoke girl also asked some fat curiosity about fat stone: "Fat stone brother, why are everyone discussing Yu Ang and that called Mo Fan?"

"Oh, I just knew. Mo Fan represents the power of the magic school to a certain extent. He will fight with the son of the family, Yu Ang, as a magic school. The winner naturally gets a very very valuable place to practice in the city. "Fatstone explained.

"It turned out to be the case. I heard that students of the Magic School have not entered the Holy Spring for many years."

"Normal, normal, the school is a mass-produced student. Occasionally one or two singularities are considered to be particularly good. The children of the family are elites. The number of students is not elite but they are all elites. The one called Mo Fan will become someone else today. It’s not surprising that the foot stone.”

"It feels so sad. A student who has been killed from a crowd of 1,500 people is not as good as a good family." Xiaoke said.

“Hey, reincarnation is a technical job.”