......

Mo Fan walked around, but got some information from many people.

It is said that it is necessary for the two young people's duels to be so big-fashioned. It turns out that it is still the power struggle of Bocheng.

This battle is really not a bad thing for yourself. It is not an exaggeration to express yourself with the fame of a war!

"Zhou Min, Zhang Xiaohou, He Yu, Zhang Yingwei, Xu Zhaowei, Wang Sanfa... How come you come?" Mo Fan suddenly found a group of younger figures, and it was their own classmates.

"The school has given some places, and there is Mu Bai who brought us in. It is rare that the first master of our school and the disciples of the family will fight. Can we not see it?" Xu Zhaoyu said with a bit of sourness.

Xu Zhaozhen was a big Lei, the original quota was his, and the result was robbed by Mo Fan, who was killed halfway.

However, after experiencing the experience, Xu Zhaoxuan’s dissatisfaction with Mo Fan was not as strong as before. Everyone’s life was saved by Mo Fan. They actually hoped that Mo Fan could perform better in this duel. Their magic school earned some face.

"Van Ge, I just saw Uncle Mo Jiaxing also on the invitation list, it is estimated that Mu Hena guys do." Zhang Xiaohou said.

"This is a good thing."

"Mofan, you have to cheer." Zhou Min smiled purely.

Mo Fan nodded.

Two years ago, Mo Fan did not think that a duel that he had caused would evolve into a hot debate in the city today.

Yeah, good, this kind of eye-catching feeling even if only experienced once, but also far away from the dark corners of a lifetime!

......

"People, people, I am very glad that everyone can come and congratulate me. Time is always so fast. When we all have to be old, even a magic can't be completed. The future of this city is bound to be mastered." In the hands of young people who are younger than us and more outstanding than us, you may feel that I am here to entertain everyone. It is a big mistake for a son’s adulthood, but I always believe that blue is better than blue, I am Mu Zhuoyun. There are only so many things that can be done for Bocheng, and only the city that has nurtured countless magicians and outstanding talents can maintain the status quo, but in the next ten or twenty years, Bocheng will become more prosperous in the hands of young people. It is absolutely possible to usher in a more prosperous city of mages, so do you think that I should not hold a grand banquet for the future of Bocheng to let everyone witness?" Mu Zhuoyun sat in the chair and held red wine in his hand. The goblet was full of red light and gestured to the guests present.

"A good one is for the future of Bocheng, everyone toast it!" Yang Zuohe first stood up and wanted to pay tribute to Mu Zhuoyun.

"There is the right to talk about our Bocheng, but I can see the future of Bocheng but there is no Muzhuoyun father, this cup I drink!"

All the guests stood up and toasted everyone.

Among the guests in the hall, Mo Fan interestingly found that Tang Yue, who also came to the banquet, had some colds about Mu Zhuoyun’s words, and he was turning his eyes when drinking.

I don't know if Mr. Tang Yue has any opinions on Mu Zhuoyun.

After the end of the grand banquet, the grand and magnificent Mohs Mountain Villa will be exiled with the banquet of Bocheng Golden Light, naturally ushered in today's main event - magic duel!

Many people really don’t come to listen to Mu Zhuoyun’s idioms. They just want to know who this year’s place is.

How many magicians in the whole city of Boss are in the early stage of the field and can only use the magic that is used by the veterans in the whole life. How many more can you really enter the field of the middle magician?

Stardust is so mysterious that some people have shown that the capital of the sky has always been beyond the hurdles, and the people of the first-class magicians have been everywhere in the world, so the holy spring can make magic The teacher’s infinitely close to the middle-level level of Tiandi Dibao has become a sacred object of dreams...

It is a pity that he is only open to the younger generation of magicians who are full of possibilities, and only one person is selected in one year, and most of them are not in the family.

Mo Fan did not know that Bocheng had such a treasure before he was a student, and he did not know that he had slammed himself into the cultivation opportunity that countless people in Bocheng had longed for.

It seems that the sentence is applied, don't spell it, you don't know how big your potential is.

The magic duel finally ushered in, and Mo Fan listened to Mu Zhuoyun's arrangement early in the morning. The magical duel field.

The duel field is an oval, much larger than the school's training ground, close to the size of a playground.

There are ladder seats on both sides, enough to accommodate all the guests in Bocheng today.

Mo Fan stood in the middle of the duel field. In fact, he stood here for a while.

Yu Ang did not appear late, obviously Mu Zhuoyun needed to give him a gorgeous debut.

This feeling is not very good.

This makes Mofan feel like a bullring. He is the cow who was first placed in the bullring for everyone to watch. Let the audience know what tonnage the cow is, what strong body and sharp horns. Then, the handsome and handsome bullfighter of the protagonist debuted later, all kinds of lights flashed, and various applause screamed.

......

"My son, right, that is my son." Mo Jiaxing is an absolute optimist, and he is happy to talk to the old Muss employees.

"Yes, old Mo, you have turned over," said a worker working in the garden.

"Isn't it, you don't have to be beaten by individuals. I heard that this guy in Yuang usually has a special training with his brothers and sisters," said a worker responsible for cleaning the entire commissioner.

"Young people fight, what can you do?" Mo Jiaxing said with a smile.

In Mo Jiaxing's opinion, this is just a very ordinary duel. He also thinks that the great people like Mu Zhuoyun are not generally acquainted with a child. In fact, many people know that Mu Zhuoyun is trying to step on the ground. Mo Fan.

"Bet, bet, I bet Mofan this kid is a second!"

"I rely on it, others are good as the first student of Scorpio Magic High School. How is it possible?"

"I will gamble anyway, I have heard of the skills of Yu Ang."

When everyone was discussing it, Yu An, wearing a special outfit, finally appeared.

The clothes are like leather and high-grade silk. They shine especially under the light of the lights. Together with some very special decorations on the body, the whole person is like a prince stepping into his hall.

In terms of styling, it seems that it took a lot of effort, and this is a huge contrast with Mo Fanzhen who almost wants to wear sandals.

Yu Ang, after changing into a high-fashioned dress, the whole person's temperament suddenly improved several grades, plus his tall figure, a few feminine temperament, it is normal to be fascinated by some girls.

On the white snow clothes, there is a pattern of the family and the ice magic figure. Yu An is not unexpectedly shining. The confident smile of all the children of the family has already indicated that he is the protagonist today.

(Unconsciously, it’s 18th!! The book has been serialized for a month! It’s rare that everyone can see that I am updating on time, and it’s hard to be thirteen days.~~~~~ So you are the best vote at this time. Otherwise, I will be forced to vote for the recommended ticket, but also suffer the pain of not updating on time~~~~ Well, I feel that I am Timothy.)