"Oh, Mu Zhuoyun, this old guy is a **** one. Can you count a few pieces of magic and magic tools on his body?" Deng Kai saw that he almost jumped out of his chair.

President Zhu even shook his head again and again.

Most of their school students are not able to compete with the disciples of the family. The difference is that on the one hand, the equipment is really no one else.

At this adult ceremony, Mu Zhuoyun did not know how many pieces of magic and magic weapons were sent to Yu.

What about Mo Fan?

In addition to a skeleton shield buckled from the hollow, it seems that there is nothing else.

How does Nima fight!

Seeing this scene, President Zhu and many school people are somewhat chilling.

"Deng Kai, since this duel is witnessed by you, you can do this referee." Mu Zhuoyun smiled slightly and waited to watch a cat-and-mouse.

Deng Kai really did not know what to say, only to silently pray for Mo Fan.

"The two are the best among the young magicians. The duel is just to urge you to practice harder... In short, point to the end!" Deng Kai stood between the two young magicians and used the audience. Said the voice heard.

Deng Kai retired slightly, but did not completely withdraw from the game.

In this position, if there is any accident, he can immediately shoot.

"Well, hold your hand and wait for my order to start." Deng Kai said.

Mo Fan and Yu Ang went on their face and reached out.

On the palm of the hand, Yu An’s palm condensed a touch of ice. At the moment of shaking hands with Mo Fan, Mo Fan could feel a cold gas to invade into the depths of his bone marrow.

Mo Fan reacted quickly, the arm was inexplicably red, the flame guarded his muscles, blood vessels, bones, and then the other hand did not change the color to give Yoon the middle finger.

"You are really a little mouse that you don't understand. But it doesn't matter, I will freeze all the water in your brain into ice, so you may wake up a lot." Yu Ang loosened his hand and then turned cold and laughed and turned around. His position.

"Two forced." Mo Fan replied.

Turning back to the prescribed position, Mo Fan closed his eyes unconsciously.

Turned back to the prescribed position, Mo Fan? consciously glanced around.

At the moment he stepped into the mountain, he couldn't remember how many pairs of eyes showed his ridicule and sympathy for himself. How many people spoke to themselves while they were courageous and raised their mouths. "Don't be self-sufficient, take the stone to hit the stone" deep disdain smile.

In this world, there are always some people who are clever and use a pair of people and gloating faces to look at every thing that looks special. They are trapped in a mediocre cage and live in a person who they think. In the system that can't jump out, I feel and hope that everyone will be like them, and use self-righteous experience and mouse eye to laugh at those who dare to fight.

Some people, that is, love gloating, that is, love BB is endless, that is, the limited IQ and superiority of Ai Xiu...

Today, let them all shut up! !

"Duel, start!" Under the order, Deng Kai completely announced the beginning of this long-awaited magic duel.

In the next second, Mofan's pupils instantly printed a red-hot fire. These fires clearly saw the stars of the seven flames, and they quickly joined a star trail.

Star track shines, magic is now!

A group of flames plunged in the palm of Mofan's palms, and the hot flame elves jumped in joy, and they couldn't wait to ignite all the objects that could be burned around!

"Fire and burn!"

The speed of the Mofan star track is quite fast, and even everyone feels that the sound that Deng Kai announced is still echoing in his ear.

Such a prolific release naturally caused a small surprise among the people present.

"There are still two brushes. The problem is that this level 1 fire is not used at all."

"Is it strange that this guy has already mastered the fire and burned it? Why did you use the fire of the first level? Burning, the power of burning bone is much stronger than burning, since you can seize the opportunity to release magic. Why don't you come here?" Luo Yunbo, the instructor, immediately said his doubts in his heart.

Someone who knows Mofan a little bit knows that Mo Fan is the first person in the school who has mastered the second-level magic of level 2. At the beginning, he was the one who made great achievements in the experience. Today he is such an important duel. What is the purpose of completing a fire and burning? ?

On the other hand, Yu Ang is not in a hurry. He just looks at Mo Fan to complete the star track. It seems to be saying: Let me finish the magic first.

"Ice vine!" Yu An no longer waits, but also controls all the stars with his own ideas.

It is also very skillful, and a chill is lingering in an expensive white robes.

"Ice vines condense!"

Yu Ang continued to name his magic, and the temperature in the entire duel suddenly dropped, from the original hot summer to the winter season.

Snow and frost are floating, and countless ice gauze and ice foam are flying in the air.

The white frost falls on the area where Mofan is located. At the speed of the ice chilling, as long as Mofan is standing in the ice vine area for 3 seconds, the lower body must be frozen into a popsicle.

Ice vine is a skill that is very advantageous in the duel.

In the first stage, apart from the wind system and the soil system, there is basically no fast moving skill.

The range of ice vines is always a whole piece. Once it falls, once the frost is full, the magician must escape the area within 3 seconds, otherwise it will be frozen directly, and the people who are not fast enough will simply get rid of it. Can't be this piece of icy land.

Yu An's ice vine covers the large area where Mo Fan is located. Even if Mo Fan runs at full speed, 3 seconds will definitely not escape the range of ice vines, so after 3 seconds Mofan will become a humanoid target. .

Immediately after Yu Ang continued to release a layer of ice vines, Mo Fan would directly become an ice sculpture that attracted the whole audience in the next 3 seconds!

No way, the ice system is quite brainless in dealing with magicians and demons who are not very fast in action, because ice is the least technical and practical of all the first-level magic!

"Rely, is this kid stupid, how can I still stand there?"

"I will run my legs and freeze. It will end directly."

Mo Fan did not run, and the magician who changed to a little common sense should move when facing the ice vine (come, so that it is not easy to be frozen.

"Want to freeze me??" Mo Fan had already opened his smile at this time.

The flame Mofan on the palm of the hand did not throw away toward Yu Ang. In fact, he is very clear that this small level 1 fire system skill is absolutely impossible to solve the Yu Ang, this fire and burning his own magic!