The palm of your hand was gently picked, and the flame on the palm of your hand slipped down.

The fire dribbles, and the red flame is paved into a gorgeous red carpet at the foot of Mofan.

These flames burn around Mofan, and the physical structure of the fire itself will not have much impact even if the flame burns on his side. What's more, there is a layer of frost on the feet. These frosts are met. There is a sign of melting after the flame!

Looking up, Mo Fan, standing in the flame, raised a smile and looked at Yu An with a bit of provocation.

The ice vines everywhere have turned into water vapor under the effect of burning, and Mo Fan does not need to move at all, and there is no need to worry that he will be frozen into ice by the other party.

"Fire and burning are released around yourself, in order to eliminate the ice-cold freezing effect of ice vines, this guy is quite smart!" On the seat, Tang Yue teacher had a smile on his face.

The magic students who are still in school, even if they learn magic, the use of magic is very pale, just like the fire-killing skills. It seems that all the fire students use the fire to directly use it when they release the fire. The attack is thrown away at the enemy.

In fact, the burning effect of the fire has many uses. For example, if the release causes a continuous burning in a certain area to form a flame, it forms a closed road and a blocked fire wall, and like Mo Fan directly causes the fire to slip down to the foot. By virtue of its own resistance to its own flame is equivalent to giving yourself a layer of flame protection, this flame protection can at least smash the freezing effect of the ice magician ice vine.

"The fire of level 1 has broken the ice vines of level 2 and frozen, which is really interesting." President Zhu also nodded.

In the stage when skills are so scarce, how to use skills flexibly is a deep learning.

Obviously, in this first round of confrontation, Mo Fan still has some advantages.

"It's me!" Mo Fan stood in the flame guarding himself, and the star track once again connected in his pupil.

The speed of the stars and rails is very fast.

Another fire appeared on the palm of Mofan's hand. This time, the degree of heat of the flame has changed a bit. It can be seen that Mofan is now mad with a madness!

"Fire and burn the bones!"

The flames were hot, and a dazzling red-red fire group dragged the long flame tail across the line of sight of the watchers, and it was extremely accurate to fall toward Yu.

"It is a level 2 fire, if it is touched a little, it must be burned directly to ashes!"

There were not a few people who knew the goods on the spot. When they saw that Mo Fan was so easy to display the level 2 fire, there was still some turmoil in his heart.

"Yu An's ice vines are broken, and he will be very passive next time." Guo Caizhen said with some concern.

"Do not worry." Mu He did not agree.

Mu Zhuoyun took his usual smile, as if everything was in his grasp.

The fire and burning bones finally fell, but people soon discovered that the speed of Yu An suddenly increased. At the moment when the flame approached, it quickly moved to the place of four or five meters. This was a dazzling speed, and the people who responded were more I don’t know how Yu An suddenly changed position.

Mo Fan saw that he burned his bones and fell on a clearing, and his brow was slightly wrinkled.

He just saw clearly that the Anghan guy's leather boots had a dark yellow light. After the dark light, Yu Ang was like a ground wave with a skill. The body shape moved parallel to the distance of four or five meters.

Mom, it’s a magic tool!

The magic gear, or a soil magic tool with the ground wave skills printed!

Out of the air, there is a ground wave skill in the soil system, which makes Mo Fan feel a little uncomfortable.

Fortunately, this magic tool with the skill of printing needs to be recharged with the magic stone once it is used once, so that it can continue to be used. Otherwise, the duel itself does not need to be played at all, even if the flight speed is fast, but the other party is so ghostly. The ground wave moves.

"If you think that this little burning fire can make me have no way for you, then you are too naive. This farce that has been maintained for two years should be over, I will spare you a life, otherwise I will see Not that you are giving me a righteous father in front of so many people!" Yu Ang said with a sullen smile.

Yu Ang raised his hands, and when the whole venue was swept up by a blizzard, the arrogant ice and snow fell from the sky. They were cold and icy, and they frozen all the objects into ice.

The snow fell, the temperature plummeted, and even the flame could not continue to burn.

This cold is like condensing the air!

"Ice vines cover!"

Yu An is like a snowy demon, cold and proud standing between this intensive ice and snow.

The whole duel field is awkward, the snow is cold and ruthless, just like a disaster in the winter, and there is no way to live any living things here.

The people on both sides of the duel field fell into the snow and ice. They unconsciously embraced the chest and the teeth began to tremble.

"I went there. The last time I saw Yu Ang, he only mastered the ice vines and condensed. This year, he did not see him cultivating the ice vines to the level of the third level. The ice vines cover is just an ice. Under the catastrophe, the flames were extinguished. The boy named Mo Fan would freeze into ice in a few seconds after hiding in any place in the duel field!" The fat stone could not help but scream.

Fei Shi clearly remembers that when he was dealing with the one-eyed demon wolf, Yu An’s cultivation was almost the same as that of Guo Caizhen. Guo Caizhen has not mastered the level 3 ice vines until now, but Yu Ang has reached this realm. How fast is this cultivation speed? what!

"It's over, it's over. Didn't you see that Mofan's guardian flames are all extinguished? When these ice and snow all fall, we can see a humanoid ice sculpture." Li Wenjie exclaimed.

President Zhu, Deng Kai, Yang Zuohe and others were equally moved. The guests present were sighed one by one!

18 years old, this is the 18-year-old rite of Yu Ang. Many old magicians will brag about his level 2 ice vine skills when they are 40 or 50 years old, but others have already controlled a lot of ice mage for a lifetime. I don’t really know what to say when I get to the realm.

"This should be the case today."

"Mofan also has a magical tool..." Watering Luo Yunbo said.

The hollow shook his head and said: "The skeletal shield does not play a role in the skill of ice vines."

The skeletal shield is indeed a very good defensive magic weapon, but the ice system has a strong defense power, and your copper skin iron bone will become an ice sculpture under the ice vine.

Mo Fan's magic tools have basically no effect in this duel.