In the summer, the autumn leaves, the leaves are rolling in the wind, and drifting into the playground of the campus.

Next to the playground, there is a thick green shade, and the afternoon sun shines through the cracks in the leaves for a glimpse, like a special post-autumn stage.

For Mo Fan, time is passing very quickly, and it has been two months since the awakening.

The only thing that Mo Fan did in these two months was sitting under the tree - meditation!

On the first day of the first day, Xue Musheng, the class teacher, gave an important lesson to all magical students: the release of magic!

The release of magic has only three simple steps that are simple and simple.

First, meditation.

Second, take control.

Third, release!

Meditation, as the name suggests, is to concentrate on thinking.

When people close their eyes, their brains are constantly thinking about various pictures.

But if you don't want anything and don't get disturbed, your mind is empty!

After the magician is awakened, there will be a corresponding stardust in his empty world.

That is to say, as long as Mo Fan closes his eyes and does not think about anything to make his mind reach a black space like the universe, the lightning stardust and the fire stardust will be in this empty mind. It is floating in the middle.

The lightning star dust is purple, and it looks like a purple cosmic dust suspended there. It is beautiful and beautiful.

There are a total of seven stars in the star of the Thunder. These stars do irregular movements in the whole small stardust, like seven mischievous children who are obedient and energetically running around.

For any magic student who has already awakened, as long as it can achieve the stardust, and see the stars in the stardust as lively and shining stars, even complete the meditation.

It can be said that this first step is really simple, and the only homework that all magical students are arranged to return to in the past two months is this.

Meditation, from the end of the dinner to the beginning of the meditation, has been dying until exhausted, then go to sleep.

The next day, after the daytime class, I still meditate, and I went to sleep after I went to exhaustion...

Mo Fan was not lazy. He did this. He did it for two months, including weekends. He also did some meditation. Many times he didn’t understand why the teachers had to arrange a simple task for everyone. Two months.

"Or, I will try to control myself first?" Mo Fan felt that he could enter the meditation very skillfully, so he wanted to start the next step.

The second step in magic release is also simple and simple.

After entering the meditation, you will see the stardust, and there are seven lively and energetic stars running around in the stardust.

Control, it is to use their own spiritual ideas to control these stars, to make them quiet, and to stop in a specific position, into a star track.

The star-track is connected, and the power of magic will be transmitted from the star track to the magician's body, turning into real magic and releasing it!

"Run really fast, let Dad touch." Mo Fan began to try to communicate with Xingzi.

With his own mind to control the star, Mo Fan has locked a spoiled star at this time, trying to stop it.

"嗖~~~~~~"

The star is extremely cold, and the bird has no bird Mofan. It is like a little luoli that encounters a quirky, and escapes quickly!

"Rely, so proud, forget it, try another." Mo Fan began to communicate with another Lei Xingzi.

"Little, my father is here, come over, obey..."

"嗖~~~~~"

The second star, like a paralyzed escaper in a neurological hospital, ran fast.

Mo Fan tried a few other stars, one of them, no one would take Mo Fan as one thing, and some even felt that Mo Fan’s thoughts were faster when they let it do something!

When the star is spinning and flying, the magical power cannot be transmitted.

It is like a wire, the electric energy is inside the stardust. If you want to release the electric energy, you must connect the stars into a line and pass it to the magician's body...

Unfortunately, none of these Lei Xingzi are obedient. It is okay not to touch them. Once they try to communicate with them, they will run fast, and they will eat five hundred pounds and dazzle, and Nima can't stop!

"How do you do this? How can Laozi's Leiyin skills be learned in the past few months?" Mo Fan had a painful egg.

The first step of the Thunder system is Ray-Print.

This skill should be the most practical skill in all the first steps of the system. It has learned and mastered the control, and basically has the outstanding combat power.

Unfortunately, skills are not so easy to learn.

The activity of the Lei Xingzi is quite high, and it is not a matter of one or two days to stop them.

"Now I can't even control a star. I have to control seven stars at the same time... The road is really not long."

Sure enough, reading and learning magic are not fixed in a day or two.

......

The weather turned cold, the thick down jacket has replaced the girl's short skirt stockings, and unwittingly went to the southern season without heating and freezing into a dog.

"Aqiu ~~~~~~ Mom, I know that the card of the fire-fighting scorpion is good. Maybe it will be better in this winter." One morning, I practiced the control of Mo Fan on the roof.

After more than a month of practice, Mo Fan has been able to control 4 stars.

This process of controlling the stars... How to say it, a bit like the difficult version of the Domino.

That is to say, you have to carefully put down four Domino cards in one breath, and let them not shake a little, it is a small step.

Once a certain star domino is not put down, the card is down, everything has come from the beginning!

This is the case with Xingzi. First of all, you have to lock a star and use your own mind to order it to stand still. In the process of letting the star stand still, you must concentrate on it. Even if you are affected by the spirit of the star, you will have to bite your teeth. Stop, not to have a little spiritual distraction.

Only by biting his teeth and highly concentrated spirits to go to the Xingzi to fight, can the violent Thunder star be obedient and hovering there.

After letting a star obey, it is necessary to separate another spirit and do the same thing, so that the second violent star is also obedient and firmly controlled.

If you accidentally spend too much energy on the second star and don't continue to use your energy to hold down the first star, the star that was just obedient will fly away, and take the second star that you just obeyed. Everything is gone. I have heard from the teachers before that it is very difficult to control this step. On the one hand, the control is very difficult, on the other hand, the magicians need to have enough mental energy to consume.

If Mofan practiced the control every day and failed the control once, he would feel that the whole person was tired and tired. He practiced for up to two hours in a row, and the whole person would be in a state of mental breakdown, tinnitus, vertigo, and brain. It's a mess.

At this time, you can no longer meditate or control.

To put it bluntly, practicing "control" is a thiefTM that consumes blue, and a tube of blue takes up to 2 hours.