"Let Yu Ang end, if even the face is frozen, the breathing will stop, and life is dangerous." President Zhu seems to know that this will be the result, and said to Deng Kai.

“Reassured, fire students are not so easy to die under the snow.” Mu Zhuoyun has happily touched his beard.

Look at these guests around, one by one stunned.

Hahaha, how can you guys don’t think that Ang will have a level 3 ice vine when they are just 18 years old!

Generally speaking, if students in Scorpio Magic High School can master their Level 2 skills before graduation, they are considered to be relatively top-notch students. If they have high scores, they will be able to enter a good magic university.

As for the level 3 skills, it is even more difficult to learn how many years later!

His adopted son, Ang, was mastered at the age of 18, and the 1,500 students who finished the Scorpio Magic High School were the children of other forces.

Mo Fan this little thing, really is not self-sufficient, staying will break his head, I will not let you easily let Mu Zhuoyun let you kid, let you marry, did not feel very cool, can not cure you This little rabbit is scorpion? ?

"I still have a talent for Muhammad, admire admiration."

"Zhuo Yun, brother, you are a little surprised. The level 3 ice vines are deep enough. Fortunately, I didn't let my dog ​​talk to you, otherwise I will end up with the poor students." The old woman said with a smile.

"Hey, the level 3 ice vines are out, basically ruling the younger generation of Bocheng, and the hero is a teenager."

The level 3 ice glare is really strong, so there is basically no room for disparity in this battle. The guests basically began to congratulate and flatter Mu Zhuoyun.

Mu Zhuoyun is very enjoyable. It’s not a big fan of adulthood. Isn’t it just for people in Bocheng to see the strength of their younger generation?

"Deng Kai, almost." After all, Zhu was still more concerned about Mo Fan.

"Deng Kai, why not stop, Mo Fan does not have a little resistance to the magic, and then delay the blood supply to stop the blood supply, it will have a great impact on him."

In the duel field, Deng Kai actually wanted to stop this huge disparity in the battle, but the hot flame that flashed in the snow and ice made Deng Kai suddenly dispel the thought.

"Old Zhu, this Mo Fan is probably not as simple as we think." Deng Kai stared at Mo Fandao.

President Zhu’s heart was full of doubts. When he was about to speak, a bright flame in the snow and ice caused the attention of President Zhu.

In this case, do you still have to insist on completing a fire?

However, the power of Huo Zi·burning bones will drop drastically under this large amount of frost. Even if the power is not cut, President Zhu does not believe that Yu An does not have any defensive magical tools.

That is to say, even if Mo Fan completed a fire at the end of the freeze, his fire will be resisted by the defensive magic weapon that Yu An has not used yet.

Well, it's not right!

This is a fire...

President Zhu’s eyes suddenly widened up, and he could use his powerful perceptual power to capture the hot, violent fire element in the frosty ice! !

This is not a level 2 fire, burning bones! !

The small fire group has unparalleled penetrating power and heat, and the filled ice and snow can't cool its arrogance!

Huozi once again fell in front of Yu An, who was manipulating the ice and snow.

Yu An disdainfully smiles and uses his mind to search for defense magic in the spiritual world.

"Ice Shield!"

Yu An awakened the shield magical mark connected with his own soul. In a moment, the frost was a little bit. In front of him, a curved ice shield was quickly appeared. This ice shield is enough to completely protect the body of Yu Ang.

The audience saw this scene, some sighs, some ridicule.

Why do you have to do this kind of unnecessary struggle, and you have a zero-yuan party who has really struggled with the RMB players.

"Fire..."

"burst!!"

In the ruthless snow and ice, a singular sorcerer’s voice suddenly spread throughout the duel.

The voice just fell, and there was a strange redness in the white battlefield.

The redness was only a small candlelight at first, but it made a huge bang in the next second.

"~~~~~~~~!!!!"

Without warning, the flames burst open.

The fire waves of the circle and the circle tumbling around the center of the fire and falling, and the hot flames fluttered wildly.

The glare of the red, the tumbling heat, the air rang under the blast, and the undulations were all passed to the guests' seats.

Everyone looked stunned and his eyes fell into the hot burst of fire.

God! !

This is where the fire is burning and burning! !

Fire and burst! !

This is a level 3 fire system skill! ! !

People have not recovered from the large-scale cultivation of the same age of Yu Ang, and then the explosion of Mo Fan, the inner shock can not calm down.

Xu Damian, the captain of the city's safari team, saw his eyes fall out.

Huo Zi·Burst can be regarded as his absolute school. With this level 3 fire, he can be regarded as the best among the Hunting Masters. The problem is that he spent a magician who is nearly 30 years old. The fire and burst are the only ones he has tried hard to break through. A magician who has not graduated from high school has mastered it... This is too difficult for Nyima. Accepted! !

The two principals, Zhu and Deng Kai, were the first to notice the ignorance of Mo Fan, but they have not been able to calm down until now.

After running for so many years, I have mastered the 3rd-level students before graduation... They can’t remember how many years have not appeared! !

To know that the last second they are still lamenting that the disciples of the family are the disciples of the family. The students of the high school of magic can no longer compete with them. Who knows that Mofan gave them a big surprise.

Is this kid a freak? ?

Schools with such limited resources can also cultivate into this realm! !

Yang Zuohe, the middle-level magician of the Magic Association, has seen it one by one. He glanced at the people around him who were in a daze. He could not help but ask: "Who is this kid pulled away? If not, I want it!"

Zhou Mingjun of the Zhou family was not happy, and immediately said: "You have no good fire resources in your magic association, or let us give us Zhou."

"This kid is a member of our military department. Don't grab it." Luo Yunbo couldn't stand it, and quickly stood up and spoke.

Yu An, a family of young people, has almost the best resources of the whole Bocheng. In this case, his skills in cultivating to level 3 ice are amazing, so it is absolutely an alarm that a high school student from Scorpio has reached the equivalent. The whole city of Bocheng.