"Don...Tang Yue teacher, are you giving Mo Fan a small stove? How can Mo Fan be so abnormal??" Xu? couldn't help but ask.

This time, Lei Zhao’s proud son Xu Zhaozhen was thoroughly served.

He Xu Zhaoxuan mastered the level 2 Leishu skills six months ago, and thought he had brought a lot of Mo Fan. Who knows that this Mofan cultivation is like a rocket. Nima has learned the level 3 fire, if not When Tang Yue opened a small stove, how could Xu Zhaozhen believe?

"No, it's all his own cultivation." Tang Yue shook his head.

Tang Yue is the only one who knows that Mo Fan owns the Stardust Magic. She can roughly guess that Mo Fan should be higher than everyone else's imagination, but never thought that he has mastered the level 3 fire!

Mo Fan’s death to the head of Mu Bai’s entire face was black.

I don't know when he seems to be unable to touch Mofan's feet. This level 3 fire will come over his face and ask him to kill his dog in minutes!

"Zhuoyun... Zhuo Yunge..." Mu He sat there, his face stiff and unable to stiffen.

Mu Zhuoyun’s chest has already been violently ups and downs, his face is full of anger, but more is also amazed!

"I really underestimated him!" Finally, Mu Zhuoyun had to spit out such a sentence.

Mu He could not help but glance at Mo Jiaxing who was sitting in a relatively partial position.

This stupid driver will have to turn over if he is not serious. Is it a magical genius to send Mofan this magician to the Magic Academy? ?

Level 3 fires, look at how much resources Yuen has eaten before cultivating to level 3 ice vines! !

......

Most of the guests in the guest seats straightened their eyes and looked amazed.

On the duel field, the crazy snow and ice finally faded, and people gradually could see the Mofan, who stood there proudly.

In Mofan's opponent's corner, the ice shield that was called out has been completely turned into a little ice on the ground, but the Ang, which was originally protected by ice, was bombarded to a distance of four or five meters. His white dress, like a prince, has been stunned beyond recognition. The whole person has fallen to the ground, and there is still a bit of the protagonist of today!

The ice and snow finally swayed, and Mo Fan and others finally warmed up and then took a step and walked toward Yuang, who fell to the ground.

Damn, do you think that you have mastered 3 skills in this world? ?

Let you install X, kill you!

"Interesting, haha, interesting, it's so interesting!" Suddenly, the Ang, who was so stunned, stood up from the snow.

Mo Fan has some accidents, this guy actually has the wisdom.

It stands to reason that although the ice shield resisted most of the effects of fire and burst, but the flames of the explosion of the explosion can not be blocked, the force of this burst is enough to make Yu Ang coma...

"No, the fire of level 3 has not knocked down Yu Ang?"

"Is this guy physically ironed!"

At this time, Mu Zhuoyun snorted, and his heart was secret: Fortunately, he prepared a scorpion magic for Yu Ang, otherwise he was really stunned by this hidden kid.

Almost, Mo Fan won the duel victory, the strength of the fire burst is basically unstoppable at this level, but no one would have thought that Mu Zhuoyun would be so savage!

"The magic gear, the shield magic, and a very expensive scorpion magic, whether it is so extravagant!!" The man of the week name could not help but scream.

President Zhu and Deng Kai also looked stunned.

铠 铠 也是 is also a defensive magic, its value is more than the shield magic, shield magic is very narrow, and some skills can not be resisted by shield magic, and 铠 magic is in addition to spiritual skills can Resist the vast majority of offenses, and that is the artifact that can be directly worn on the body to protect the body 365 degrees.

"Forgot to tell everyone, as my 18th birthday gift, I specially gave this ice silkworm cocoon to him in case of a villain attack." Mu Zhuoyun touched the beard and said to the guests slowly. .

"There is no mistake, this is still a duel, a magical tool, there is a skill, we do not use the magic to fight, too shameless!" Finally, the urgency of Zhou Min could not help but come out.

Xu Zhaozhen and Wang Sanpeng are equally indignant.

If there is no magic gear, the guy of Yu Ang has been beaten by Mo Fan to be not adult. The third level of fire is to teach the rhythm of being a man!

"The background is also a kind of strength." Mu Zhuoyun simply did not move, explained indifferently.

Mu Zhuoyun was too lazy to talk to those students about nonsense. We have a resource for Mus, and your little and poor students want to fight with us.

"Unfortunately... Unfortunately, this student named Mo Fan has been very good, and the result is still lost on the magic gear." Yang Zuohe sighed with a mouthful.

Many people present are a pity for Mofan.

Today, he shows that the level 3 fire is actually enough to laugh at all the peers in the city. It can make many families have no sense of self-confidence. The duel is a duel. Losing is losing. As Mu Zhuoyun said, the background is also a kind of strength. Many people understand that after they have gone to the society.

"You really recognize a good!" Mo Fan looked at the ice silkworm cocoon under the broken clothes of Yu Ang, and also ignited a trace of anger in his heart.

It is also a magic gear, a shield magic, and a magical tool, no way to live!

Yu Ang is still laughing, and his smile is disgusting.

"Really, you are very good. I thought you were a clown who deliberately seduce the crowd. It turned out to be a deliberate hiding of the opportunity to make a blockbuster by this opportunity. Unfortunately, it was a little bit worse, just a little bit, hahaha! "Yu Ang laughed, and didn't mind Mofan once again using a fire burst.

Standing next to the stadium, Deng Kai, who was full of sorrow, didn't know what to do. Finally, he couldn't help but remind Mofan: "Mo Fan, give up, ice silkworm cocoon is a special restraint of fire skills, you The fire will not hurt Yu Ang.

"Deng Kai said that right. The next ice vine, you will become an ice sculpture, it is very troublesome to thaw. You are now going to the front of my righteous father, it is a good thing for me to give you such a special. A little tolerance for the opponent." Yu Ang is there, wearing ice silk cocoon, he looks down on Mofan like a superior.

What is Yu Ang’s gaze?

Mu Zhuoyun’s laughter, how irritating it is!

The background is also a kind of strength? ?

Mo Fan also wants to laugh, but now he can't smile.

Looking around the guests, looking around at the people in the city of Bocheng, as if everyone had acquiesced to the words of Mu Zhuoyun, they are looking at themselves with some sympathy.