"Mu Zhuoyun, I see the two young talents of Bocheng today are very good, so let's end, you as the leader of Bocheng? The young man's madness will pay a smile." President Zhu finally spoke.

All the guests present know the festival of Mo Fan and Mu Zhuoyun. They also know that if Mo Fan lost, he would apologize to Mu Zhuoyun and wait until Mu Zhuoyun is satisfied.

Mo Fan's performance is really very sensational, and a wizard who has cultivated himself to a level 3 fire is definitely worthy of admiration.

At this time, Muning Snow also put the pair of scorpions on the face of Mu Zhuoyun, and she also hoped that her father would give up.

This duel, if it is not for Yu An to occupy the advantages of many magic tools, basically to lose the unexpected Mo Fan hands, Mu Ningxue feels that this win has no glory.

"Even if? How is it possible!" Mu Zhuoyun snorted.

If you want something to dare to run in front of yourself and point to your nose, how will he be mixed in Bocheng in the future, win is to win, and it should be fulfilled when you say it!

"Mo Jiaxing, what are you happy, your son wants to give someone a hoe, do you know??" In an sitting position, an old gardener said.

"What gimmick??" Mo Jiaxing looked awkward. Mo Jiaxing was because he did not think that his son had let the big men in the city move.

"I rely on, don't you know that Mu Zhuoyun and your son have had a gamble, Yu An lost, and he Mu Zhuoyun personally apologized to you both, and your son lost, he will give Mu Zhuoyun’s father swears to apologize to his father’s satisfaction! Our children’s children just secretly say that Mu Zhuoyun has a few words. Your son has slandered him several times. He’s a big man who has tolerance and will have anger. Today he does not I’m going to let go of Mo Fan!” the gardener said silently.

And Mo Jiaxing did not know that there is still a gambling ambiguity, it is really a confused old man.

Mo Jiaxing also listened to it, he really did not know that there is still this! !

My son’s jealousy and arrogance are clear, let him apologize on such an occasion in front of classmates, teachers, neighbors, and Muning Snow. ?

Today's children look like one by one, and they have been hit by a slap in the face and have committed suicide by jumping off the building. Things like gimmicks on such occasions can not be lifted for the rest of their lives!

Mo Jiaxing stood up in a hurry and ran to the position of the middle seat.

"Mu Laozi, Mu Muzi..." Mo Jiaxing shouted to Mu Zhuoyun.

"Oh, Mo Jiaxing?" Mu Zhuoyun blinked his eyes. The old driver, Mu Zhuoyun, still remembers.

"If you look at it for so many years, don't be embarrassed about a child. You want to be so many people present today, many of whom are his classmates, teachers, friends..." Mo Jiaxing hurriedly asked.

"Don't, don't, don't talk about any of these years, it's like I didn't pay your salary. That time I've been watching your diligent feelings. This time I said nothing will go around. Pass him!" Mu Zhuoyun is quite determined.

Mo Jiaxing suddenly panicked. He did not expect that there would be a apology for the girl.

Nowadays, in this era, it is also the period of Fenghua Zhengmao. If there are so many people who do apologies for apology, how can self-respect be hit? ?

"That... I will represent him, I will come to replace him, the son will not teach, the father will pass, I will give you a apology on behalf of him, when will you be satisfied when I get up." Mo Jiaxing said with a panic.

As soon as the words were spoken, the old driver really fell down in front of so many people. The eyes that were already full of wrinkles looked up at Mu Zhuoyun sitting there.

All of them looked at Mo Jiaxing all of a sudden.

In the face of such gaze, Mo Jiaxing also felt a huge humiliation.

However, if you think about it carefully, if you have already cultivated the magic to this kind of person who is proud of his peers, this humiliation must be magnified many times.

He has already won the recognition of this big man in Bocheng. He even beat Yu’s key training. He must have worked very hard in the past three years... He is a very intelligent child, he will rashly go And Mu Zhuoyun made this kind of gamble, not to give him the old father who had nothing to do with the face that was taken away like a dog.

This son is much stronger than himself. Later, he can become a very, very good magician. Today, I have to give people a headshot. The shadow of a lifetime. I am an old driver, an old man who has nothing to lose, and this kind of shameful thing for a lifetime is not painful for himself.

Looking at Mu Zhuoyun, Mo Jiaxing sees that Mu Zhuoyun obviously will not be mad at this point.

On the duel field, Mo Fan suddenly saw this scene, suddenly like a middle arrow, never had a colic.

The high-ranking people are always on the top.

A humble man, humbled down in his life.

Is this society really equal?

If it is really equal, there will be no direct departure from Muning Snow.

If they are really equal, they will not even take the house away. The house that hides from the rain for their own family has only become a real estate with rich people like Muhe!

If it is really equal, and there are countless people witnessing the fair devil duel, there will not be so many magic weapons that are piled up with money, like a giant mountain, making this grassroots feel insurmountable!

In the old days, the class was clearly marked clearly, letting people know exactly where they are in this society. The most terrible thing about this era is that he has the same 369, etc., but he is unaware of it. He will never tell you before you leave the campus. After you step into the society, you will slam down like a blue sky. You are caught off guard and you don't want to be born!

Kneeling people? Sitting person?

More often you stand, but there is no difference with you!

"Dad, you get up." Mo Fan faces the position of Mo Jiaxing and Mu Zhuoyun.

Mo Jiaxing turned his head and did not have the courage to knees. Mo Jiaxing was too afraid that Mu Zhuoyun would ask Mo Fan to apologize in person.

Mu Zhuoyun still sat there, indifferent.

Mo Fan glanced at the father who made such a huge sacrifice for himself again, and then looked at Mu Zhuoyun who still had no intention to stop.

"Dad, don't give Mu Zhuoyun a gift back so early, the duel is not over yet." Mo Fan looked at Mo Jiaxing, his eyes were full of cold and anger!

"Return??" Mo Jiaxing could not understand what his son was saying.

Mu Zhuoyun did not know what the guy said.

Return? ? And my Mu Zhuoyun has to apologize to you!