"Mofan, you just have to pay for your own stupidity. Now your father is giving me a righteous father in front of everyone. I think this is more than letting you die when you squat down!" There was no sympathy in this scene, but I laughed again.

"It’s just a matter of returning to this. My dad is very honest. I feel that this kind of return is more sincere." Mo Fan turned over, and the eyes stared coldly at Yu An, who was still laughing.

"If you don't see the coffin without tears, then I will let you first become an ice sculpture, and then slowly enjoy the etiquette that I don't want to look up in Bocheng for a lifetime!" Yu Ang's eyes disdain.

The ice star trails are quickly connected in the scorpion of Yu Ang, and there are ice silkworm cocoons in the body. You don’t even need to worry about being interrupted by Mo Fan’s fire, and the guy is casting faster than himself. !

On the other hand, Mo Fan’s eyes were cold and extremely cold.

If...Mu Zhuoyun has a little bit of rest, he will stop the matter today, but Mu Zhuoyun and Yu Ang’s father and son’s arrogance and arrogance should be thoroughly angered by Mo Fan. .

He firmly believes that he will not win this duel, and he will see an old father bleed for the forehead of his stupid son!

However, is it really stupid? ? ?

Let all the people understand today, what is the fire of the stars can poke the original!

"Background is also a kind of strength?" Mo Fan couldn't help but smile, and the smile was so comfortable.

The next second, his smile stopped, replaced by the arrogance that has never been seen before!

"The capital of my day is also a kind of strength."

Really thought that Mofan just lost like this? ? ?

Try the power of my Mofan Thunder! ! !

The black pupil is round and round, and the darkness of the universe is as bright as the glory of the purple star. !

mine!

The first element!

It represents anger, is power, is destroying!

This ridiculous class shackles, with this raging thunder completely smashed into pieces! !

They have always been able to have a special connection with the owner's heart. The property of Ray itself has given his controllers no madness at any time!

Not because of low status!

Not because you are in danger!

All the Lei Xingzi have never heard of it, because today's Mo Fan's state of mind has never been associated with the Ray elementality.

The purple star trails ignited in the air, and they seemed to be eager to give all the power of the callers who gave them.

Star Track is now!

The magic that is filled with the most mysterious power between heaven and earth is even more natural.

“Sour and nourishment~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”

The purple arc is overbearing and arrogant. They have never been willing to entangle with Mofan, waiting for Mo Fan’s order.

Mo Fan looked up and looked like lightning.

"Ray print!"

"Furious!"

Among the electric lights, Mo Fan held up with one hand, and with the palm of his hand, the lightning bolts that swayed in the air in a row were turned into thunder soldiers, and they screamed at the messy bombardment of Yu’an’s position!

"Zi!!"

After the multi-purple lightning seals fell, they became a more powerful thunder and lightning, and they hit the unguarded Yu Ang.

Yu Ang’s ice vine skills are still sung, and the next second is wrapped in the power of these dazzling thunder and lightning, and the inner shock can’t be described in words.

The anger is extremely violent, and every time there is a violent pain in the body, it is even more terrible that these lightning marks will penetrate into the body and cause a huge electric shock to the muscles and bones, even if there are ice silkworm cocoons. Resisting still can't completely resist this kind of pervasive lightning penetration!

Yu Ang’s body is not his own. He is standing there with his body violently twitching. His arrogance and arrogance on his face are nothing but the doubts and unbelievable eyes! !

why? ?

Why is that? ? ?

Ray... This is clearly a thunder, why do you have a fire system's first-level magician to release the skills of the Thunder? ?

The ice silkworm cocoon was in the shape of a fake in front of the thunder, and finally Yu An made a miserable cry, and the whole person slowly fell down under the purple thunderprint!

This time, Yu Ang is impossible to get up again. The 3rd level of the thunder is more overbearing than the fire. The ice silkworm can restrain the fire system's skills, but it is impossible to defend against the terrible penetration of the 3rd level. ! !

The roar of Thunder still rang in his ear, but the entire manor was silent at this moment! !

Everyone was already stunned at the moment when Mofan released the seal, and Raymond did not hit them but it was better than the blue sky! !

What they saw.

Ray printing? ?

Is this Nima a mine seal? ? ? ?

You are a fire magician, you tell us that you can print! ! !

Yu Ang has been smashed to the ground. Now people have forgotten the life and death of this guy. On the contrary, it is a scene that can't be described by common sense. It makes them almost mad!

Can you not go crazy? Any magician in the world can only master the magic of a department in the first stage. Only the middle stage can get the second line. Why did you have mastered two departments in a high school graduate? ?

A fire system, a thunder! !

"He...he...he is a middle-level mage, impossible, absolutely impossible, and it is impossible for a person who is practicing fast in the world to use only three years from the initial stage to the middle stage. It is absolutely impossible. !!!" Mu Zhuoyun took the lead in the whole person to bounce off the chair, and some could not believe his own eyes.

Similarly, Master Zhu, Deng Kai, Yang Zuohe, and Kongkong, who are already higher-level mages, can't believe what they are seeing now.

Level 3 of the thunder, that is clearly a level 3 seal! ! !

But how can a fire student be able to display the skills of the Thunder! !

Is it caused by a special magic tool? ?

No, no, the purple starry track that Mo Fan appeared around has proved that this is definitely his ability to display himself. It is absolutely impossible to use other magic tools!

The only Lei Master in the audience, Xu Zhaoyu, was even more stupid.

Nyima is not the realm that I have been eager to achieve. The third level of Leiyin is the goal that I have to pursue in the next few years. Why is it that Mofan has exhibited it? You Mofan Mingming is a fire magician. Okay! ! !

After the collapse, Xu Zhaoxuan’s heart has collapsed. A real fire system has not been controlled by a real system. A veteran mage has reached it. Laozi... I am not alive! ! !

——————————

(The new book is to support more, friends who have not collected, quickly collect, friends who have collected, voted for the vote, voted for the friend of the recommendation, hey, no you have an accident, thank you!)