Mo Fan’s classmates Zhou Min, Zhao Kunsan, Mu Bai, Zhang Xiaohou, Wang Sanpeng, etc. are madly licking their eyes there, must? They read too many magical thoughts to read the illusion, no, they must go back. The school wrote 10,000 volumes to calm down, and there were signs of hallucinations before the college entrance examination! !

The scene has been quiet for a long time!

When the seal was printed, it seemed that the concept known to everyone collapsed at this moment, and it was quite impossible for a long time to speak.

"Who... can anyone... can tell me, what the **** is... what is going on!!" The man named Zhou also stood up from the chair, his eyes glanced around and was bombarded with thunder. Silly Bocheng big men.

No one has come out to explain it, is it really awkward? ?

"Intermediate magician, he is a middle-level magician, he awakened the second department, it must be like this!!" Xue Musheng said in a tone he could not believe.

"No!" At this moment, the most detached president Zhu spoke.

People are watching the headmaster Zhu. They believe that the incredible scene of their eyes flashing in front of them is only the highly respected President Zhu can explain.

"He is still a preliminary master." President Zhu is sure to say with certainty.

"Then how could he still have a thunder..."

President Zhu took a deep breath and could clearly see how excited the teacher of Bocheng was, and the muscles on his face were shaking, and he was so excited that he had to calm down for a while.

"Heavenly twins, he... Mo Fan is born...born twins!!" Finally, President Zhu said his most affirmative judgment in shock.

Yes, it must be a natural double!

This student's cultivation is absolutely impossible to reach the middle level, he can display the printing skills to the only explanation is the natural double series! !

He awakened the fire and awakened the thunder!

This student who was born in his own Scorpio Magic High School is extremely incomparably rare in this world - a natural double!

"Natural twins, my God, is there really a natural twin in this world?"

"I... I don't know what to say."

"Xue... Xue Musheng, Mo Fan... Isn't he your student? Isn't that awakening that day you presided over?" Chen Weiliang, the director of the teaching office, said to Xue Musheng next to him.

"It's me, but... but I obviously remember that he only has a fire system." Xue Musheng tried very hard to remember, but he really couldn't recall the situation at the time.

This shock, it is forgotten that this is a young man’s magic duel. This natural sensation of the double system makes people forget that today’s protagonist is actually an adult rite, and no one can be more surprised than tonight. The current Mo Fan is more dazzling and more blockbuster!

"This kid... We have to set up the military. Who dares to grab me and copy his home today!!!" The leader of the military has already jumped out of the chair.

He was afraid of who he was afraid of in Bocheng. Who dared to jump out and grab the Mofan boy who was born in this twin family. He smashed him out today.

I went there, and I was inexplicably transferred to this southern city. I thought it was like this. Who knows that this small place, Nima, has a super-reverse magical seedling that is born with a double-system, Mofan still only has a single fire system. The hollowing out is quite optimistic about Mo Fan, who wants to pull him into his magical military department. Who knows that this kid still possesses such a terrifying talent, he has to fix it, and this kid is also contracted for his empty house. !

The man named Zhou had wanted to stand up and talk, and the result was a short sentence that made him foolish.

Nima, without this, we want to do it at home!

The man surnamed Zhou now regrets that he has not jumped out and forced the kid to be taken away. Now the natural duality of the whole Bocheng’s power is due to the fact that the boy who has not yet reached the end of the world is struggling! !

"Small bosses, although there are many things in Bocheng that you are saying, you can't say what you want, you can take them. I want to report them. Our Great Magic Association will never let go of any peerless genius. What's more, what organization is better at training magicians than our Great Magic Association??" Yang Zuohe jumped out directly.

Small families, small families may have to give military aspects, their Great Magic Association is not necessary.

Copying home? ?

This world has never heard of any forces who dare to copy the Wizards Association! !

"Word? This kind of student, our school is actually very willing to spend a lot of money to support, it will not worry about a few, well, grace." President Zhu also spoke.

He is awkward, hollow and Yang Zuohe. Mo Fan has not graduated and is robbing himself. My old Zhu is a good person. It does not mean that such a student will give in and have the ability to copy our magic school... Don't forget, many of your military mage are from our magic school, and you are coming over! !

Mu Zhuoyun stood there, watching all the guests who were shocked by Mo Fan, watching a few big forces so face to face this Mofan kid, and then look at the standing on the duel field to control the thunder and fire double Department of magician.

Mu Ningxue of his family also has a very rare magical talent. If you want to be attractive, I am afraid that it is still a bit more natural. After all, Muning Snow is a natural spirit, and it is absolutely superior to its peers. Lingyuan ice species can still be collected by the rich and powerful family, and the talent of this natural double system is absolutely two cases in the world of lanterns!

He can say that he Muzhuyun also wants this kid? ? ?

"Get up, Jiaxing's younger brother is getting up, get up, I just want to give your son a little lesson, how can you really do so." Mu Zhuoyun is busy to help Mo Jiaxing in front of him.

Mu Zhuoyun’s attitude was a hundred and eighty-degree turn.

Mo Jiaxing was helped, and he himself looked around with some unbelievable.

Perhaps a sports car person can not know what the natural twins will eventually represent, but as long as they see the expressions on the faces of the famous people and the appearance of fighting each other, they can know how much their sons are outstanding.

No, the outstanding people can't describe it, and my son is probably enough to make a sensation in the whole city! !

Really great, really good, I don’t want to sell the only family property to let him enter the Scorpio Magic High School. At that time, he had to hesitate a little bit to hesitate to kill a great magician. Look at the big guys in Bocheng, look at the expressions on their faces, and see what they look like when they fight for it. My God, I can't give birth to such a great son! ! !

Mo Jiaxing wiped the tears of tears, and he stood up.

Busy life, humble income, coupled with the embarrassing environment, his waist is always curved. Usually, these rich people run a car and nod their heads and nostalgia. He understands why his son just called himself. It’s up, because from this moment they definitely don’t have to bow to anyone! !