"Brother, Yu Ang is still lying." Mu He voiced a reminder of Mu Zhuoyun?

Mu Zhuoyun’s face suddenly gloomy.

Mom, I almost forgot that today is the son of his son, Ang, the grand ceremony of the grand rites turned into the day when Mo Fan smashed Bocheng! !

What is even more hateful is that this magical duel lost, which means that he Mu Zhuoyun wants to apologize to the two fathers and sons in front of the high-profile! !

Thinking of this, Mu Zhuoyun felt something in the chest violently rolling, blood pressure does not know how much height.

......

On the duel field, Mo Fan looked too lazy to look at it and was bombarded with a thunderbolt like a dead dog.

Background, and then show the background in front of Laozi, Laozi’s Lei specializes in this kind of equipment | forced dog! !

As soon as he turned around, Mo Fan walked toward the guest.

This result is no longer obvious, and I won.

Although the feeling of the whole audience is so good that every inch of the skin is happy, Mo Fan is more concerned about the expression of Mu Zhuoyun, the old bastard.

Sure enough, Mu Zhuoyun's old **** is full of blood and wants to spit out.

"My dad will return to you first, old goods, you can do it yourself." Mo Fan went to Mu Zhuoyun and snorted.

Waiting for this day, Laozi has waited for many years. Today, the whole city is a little bit full of face, and let you Mu Zhuoyun feel the feeling of whispering!

Mu Zhuoyun’s old face really twitched.

He Mu Zhuoyun actually can see Mo Fan, I am afraid that this kid salted fish turned over and specially prepared a magical tool for Yu Ang. But he Mu Zhuoyun dreams that Mo Fan is a natural double, even Lei Yin has cultivated to the third level!

The entire grand adult ceremony has completely become a blockbuster ceremony for this kid, making a wedding dress for people, this kind of taste is as good as being brought with a green hat.

"That... It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, Mu Zhuoyun's father actually cares about us all the time, Mo Fan, this is the case." Mo Jiaxing is a kind person after all, in his opinion, let Mu Zhuoyun It’s no different to blame yourself for killing him. It’s also a person with a head and face.

"Yeah, this is all right, even if this is the case, let all of us really open our eyes tonight." Muhe hurried out, the attitude is completely different from before, just like a businessman who is angry with money. Also with a little bit to climb the meaning.

Never mind? ?

Paralysis, just now Mu Zhuoyun, this old **** has to have the meaning, he Mo Fan will not take Lei to kill them!

"Hey, a gimmick apologizes, what counts, my Mu Zhuoyun speaks count, I am willing to gamble and lose!" Mu Zhuoyun screamed out this sentence.

As the voice just fell, Mu Zhuoyun stood in front of Mo Jiaxing.

The words are loud, but Mu Zhuoyun's movements are somewhat stiff.

Really have to apologize to one of their father and son?

After doing this, he really didn't have to look up in front of the Bocheng people.

Asshole, really **** bastard, how can this natural talent fall on the little **** of Mo Fan, no wonder he dared to come to this gambling battle with his own fear, he had such a hand A trump card.

He Mu Zhuoyun is the same as the old fox, but he is not a natural twin.

After some struggle, Mu Zhuoyun bit his teeth and his knees slowly bent down.

"Mu Zhuoyun, brother, can't make it, can't make it, hey, we don't have any deep hatred, why is it necessary, and now it's all ages, come back like this, the ancients have a smile and enmity, we are counted Which is the door to which?" Mo Jiaxing hurriedly helped Mu Zhuoyun.

Mu Zhuoyun looked at Mo Jiaxing with some sorrow.

In his opinion, the vast majority of people should be very useful at this time. No one in the world can afford to pay for his murder, such as Mu Zhuoyun, not to mention that Mo Jiaxing also gave himself to himself. One.

"Mo Fan, it would be nice to be here." Mo Jiaxing turned to Mo Fan.

Mo Fan shrugged, and Dad spoke, what else can he do?

Anyway, Mu Zhuoyun just smashed it, and he was also embarrassed. The grievances of many years were also completely vented at the moment of the thunder.

"It’s very good. The ancients have a smile and enmity. Today’s honesty should be a gratifying day, because we have born a natural double-system talent that shocked the vulgar, not long ago. Ning Xuetiansheng Lingpin ice type has made us feel that Bocheng will be more famous in the future. It is expected that Mofan’s natural twins will be even more amazing. It’s a blessing to us!” The highly respected Zhu’s principal sent a feeling.

Bocheng is not particularly outstanding in the southern cities, and more is that there are no very amazing magicians, and it has been unknown how many years have passed in the south.

However, Muning Snow's natural spirit, and Mofan's natural twins can definitely cause a big sensation, making Bocheng the most eye-catching city in the south! !

It’s exciting to think about it.

"Mo Fan, let's just say, as long as you join our military department, how can you become a city military leader in the future? If you practice more resources, you will definitely be able to fly in the future." Have said seriously.

"Small, you are enough, choose which side of the power is everyone's freedom, what is the meaning of your strong pull." Yang Zuohe said very unhappy.

"I rely, I am a strong pull, and Mofan and I are brothers and brothers, he is my brother," said the empty eyes and wide eyes.

The two instructors, Luo Yunbo and Pan Lijun, called Khan on the side.

When the boss is hollowed out, when will Mofan become your brother?

"The chief instructor, what is your trouble?" Mo Fan was speechless.

"Oh? You are not satisfied, or you are a brother, you are my brother, you can join us, and join us in the military, keep your wealth and wealth." Immediately said.

Luo Yunbo and Pan Lijun have already had a waterfall.

Nima, you, the head of the Bocheng Military Department, recognized this 18-year-old kid to be a brother, and they could not collapse in a whole army of Bocheng. Can you have a little **** and hollowing out the boss?

At the moment, the two instructors really want to drag their hollow boss away, too **** and shame!