At this time, the fat but very alert fat stone has been staring at Mo Fan. After hesitating for a while, he finally whispered to the companion next to him: "Do you think this guy is very like a person when he releases the seal? ??"

"You think so too!" Xu Dayang immediately narrowed his eyes.

The little one on the side was biting an apple on the side and nodded madly.

Li Wenjie’s smile was very weird, and he took a look at Guo Caizhen.

Obviously, Guo Caizhen also noticed what it was, and that the face was full of unwillingness to accept the reality.

"Van Mo, Mo Fan, Mom, this is the goods!!" Xu Dayan suddenly reacted to what, shouted.

The entire hunting demon squad suddenly realized that the expression on his face could not be described in words.

They always knew that the guy in Van Gogh was not very old, but he never thought that he was a student who didn't graduate from high school.

The most important thing is that this guy has a strong fire system in addition to the Thunder, and the strength of this fire system is not inferior to the captain's Xu Dajie!

Guo Caizhen is the most complicated person in the heart. In fact, since she got along this year, she still has a little affection for the mysterious Lei family member Fan Mo.

Everyone knows that the Thunder Master has a promising future. Most Lei Fa will choose a comfortable job with high income and high status, while the young and promising Fan Mo has always been among their hunters, showing outstandingness. Especially calm, and he saved her life alone, once using Lei Yin to rescue the entire team, the heart has a good impression that is certain.

As a result, the two guys, Fan Mo and Mo Fan, suddenly joined together. The people with good feelings combined with the people who hated irritability, really... really speechless!

......

"People, I have something to say." President Zhu once again spoke.

President Zhu is highly respected and everyone will naturally listen to him.

"The natural twins are an amazing talent. Seeing that the magical college entrance examination is about to take place, our school is planning to make a big move with this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, so that people from other places can see the power of our city. So, I hope that everyone will not disclose today's events. After the magical college entrance examination in the country, let us be such a brilliant opportunity for such a brilliant magician Mo Fan to be a national sensation. How is the speech of Zhu Rongchang echoing in the ears of everyone? .

Such a big event, it is estimated that there is a lot of media, and the media is overwhelming.

It is almost time to go to the extremely important magic college entrance examination. President Zhu hopes that the opportunity of this magical college entrance examination will start the Bocheng banner. Bocheng has not had such glory for a long time.

"I don't have any opinions on this, but we have to postpone the most up to two weeks at most." Yang Zuohe spoke on behalf of the Magic Association.

"President Zhu, I am here, who can put the kid out in advance?" The hollow boss said.

It’s not silly to hollow out. If the news is released, there is a bigger organization running over to dig people. He will cry when he is short-selling, so he has to suppress this matter anyway.

There are so many people present who can't ensure that everyone is tight-lipped, but if they control the media and let the media not spread the matter, those people will let them talk more, but they will control the end of the magic college entrance examination.

"In other words, is there such an exaggeration, the magic of the natural double-line media must be blocked?" Wang San fat said whispered.

Teacher Tang Yue is among their students. Her heart has not calmed down yet. When she heard Wang Sanfu asking questions, Tang Yue did not explain: "You really don't know how many natural twins are in this small place in Bocheng. Amazing, the news spread out, Bo City will be occupied by countless big forces the next day, even if Mo Fan chooses to join a certain force, some of the sinister is likely to be rather jade, after all, to secretly solve one It’s just that the Mofan of the first-class magician is not difficult for them. This blockade message is a good thing for everyone,”

"No, there are so terrible people, isn't that different from the Black Holy See?"

"People are sinister, be careful." Tang Yue said.

"Where is this sensational sensation... I said, how does the mortal brother practice in the end, since he should spend more time on the dual system, why both departments are leading us so much." Zhang Xiaohou said that .

"Yes, yes!"

Xu Zhao's mouth is more and more constantly pumping, Zhang Xiaohou, can you shut up??

"Yu An is estimated to cry into a stupid | forced."

"Isn't it? You didn't see Mu Zhuoyun's old bastard. He had a holiday with Mo Fan and he couldn't wait to take Mo Fan as a dry son..."

"Where, the chief instructor must pay homage to Mo Fan. There is a high-ranking magician like the chief instructor who gives Mo Fan a backstage. Who dares to move Mo Fan."

"Hey, people are more dead than people."

When Mo Fan’s classmates discussed it, Tang Yue’s Ming Hao had been watching Mo Fan.

Now Tang Yue finally knows how Mo Fan killed the Skull Beast.

Having said that, this Mo Fan is really amazing, and the hidden doubles are never revealed...

However, he is also smart in doing this. It is not a bad thing to keep a low profile when his strength is not strong enough. Now there is a slap in the air to give him a backstage, and Mo Fan’s next cultivation path will be smooth. a lot of.

I don't know if this guy can make good use of this unparalleled natural duality, can you stand out from so many peerless geniuses in the country!

......

Tonight, Mo Fan is a natural blockbuster!

There are three major forces in the Magic Association, the Hunters League, and the Bocheng Military Department to jointly block the news. It is naturally impossible to spread this matter in a short period of time.

Of course, the biggest color head of this magical duel is not only to find face in the same year, but more importantly, the winner will have the opportunity to enter the holy spring of Bocheng to practice for a whole week.

Immediately approaching the magical college entrance examination, Mofan will be cultivated for a large increase in the nourishment of the holy spring in Bocheng before the magic college entrance examination, then the performance of Mo Fan in the magic college entrance examination must be amazing nationwide!

At that time, it was the real name of the Quartet. It can be said that Mofan’s future magical road paved a very perfect road.

"Ground Holy Spring, what is this a special cultivation place?" Mo Fan can't help but look forward to it.

It is said that many magicians who are stuck between the first and middle orders have completed the breakthrough through the holy spring of this place. A middle-level wizard is quite a B in Bocheng!

Moreover, Mo Fan is a magician of a natural double system. At the middle level, he will have a full three-line magic, which has the absolute advantage in the middle-level magician field!

Well, we must make good use of this rare opportunity to greatly enhance our strength!