The place is located under the silver trade building, which makes Mo Fan somewhat surprised, because the roof that met with Muning Snow that day was just one block away from the silver trade building.

This silver trade building presents a straight pentagon. It is said to be a magnificent building rather than a tall pentagon pagoda standing at the center of the city.

The silver trade building is two hundred meters high. The whole outer shell is completely covered by tempered glass. The sun shines like a sword, and the whole building is full of brilliance. At night, the city is far away. You can still see the neon that flows through it at night.

This is the iconic building of Bocheng. It is said that the super-large conference hall on the highest floor is owned by Mu Zhuoyun.

The Boss's Tiandidi Baodi Spring is actually below the silver trade building. Many white-collar workers and gold collars working in the silver trade building do not even know that the building has 15 floors underground!

Like the secret base of the secret agent, Mofan sent Mo Fan to the fifteenth floor of the underground of the Bank of Trade Building. Mo Fan suddenly found that it was like an unknown organization, and dug up a secretly protected floor. .

The floor hall is made of very special crystal rock, and it is from the hands of a very strong builder.

There is probably a patrol in the ground floor guarding, and the captain of the patrol is a middle-level magician.

A mid-level magician is watching the door?

This is enough to prove how much the place of the Holy Spring is attached to the whole city.

"The back of this totem gate is the holy spring. You can go in for a week of cultivation. The holy spring will keep a kind of cycle. Don't touch it, just sit on the puff around the center of the holy spring. It’s fine to repair or control.” Mu Zhuoyun said to Mo Fan without any anger.

This place is supposed to be prepared for Yu Ang. Who knows that Mo Fan took it, and Mu Zhuoyun feels good.

Accompanied by Mo Fan came Tang Yue, Tang Yue Chao Mo Fan nodded slightly, indicating that he can go inside and retreat.

"Oh, I have something to send you." Tang Yue teacher thought of something, said to Mo Fan.

"Send me?" Mo Fan had some accidents.

Teacher Tang Yue did not know where to change the four scrolls that were purple and red respectively. The scrolls were engraved with some spots like stars and stars, like a complete figure of some kind of magic.

"Mr. Tang Yue, you can't really be generous. This is an expensive book of stars. If you send or send 4 copies, it will make me a visionary for this wealthy family." Mu Zhuoyun immediately recognized The scroll sent by Teacher Tang Yue, a sour look.

"Is this book of star maps?" Mofan asked inexplicably.

"After you experienced this baptism of the Holy Spring, you must not be too far away from the middle-level magician. I am not sure if I will teach you here. I will send you a book of these stars before leaving. After the middle magician, there is a self-protection ability.” Tang Yue said that after a pause, he continued to explain the purpose of the book of the star map: “You should know that the first-order magic is to connect the stars into a star orbit. The track appears and the magic is done."

Mo Fan nodded as if listening to the teacher to give himself a higher level of magic lesson.

"After the mid-level magician, your stardust will become a nebula, the nebula is more vast than the stardust and has a total of 49 stars. The formation of intermediate magic is the need to connect these 49 stars into a star map, star The picture is now, the middle-level magic will be born..." Tang Yue explained.

Stardust turns into a nebula.

The connection of 49 stars into a star map is a mid-level magic!

Mo Fan silently remembers these key words in his heart.

"You should understand that to fully control the 7 stars requires a very long cultivation time, then the difficulty of the 49 stars has more than doubled, even if your stardust becomes a nebula to really release the middle-level magic. It takes a long time, and the book of this star chart is special. When you inject the idea into it, the book of the star map will release a special suction to arrange your 49 stars according to the star map. Even if you don't have enough ability to control 49 stars, as long as there is enough magic energy in your nebula, you can release the middle-level magic." Tang Yue teacher seriously shouted.

Mo Fan opened his mouth and never thought that there was such a magical thing in the world.

Since there is such a book as a star map, then the magician is so hard to control and what is the meaning, just take a dozen dozen scrolls!

Mu Zhuoyun on the side clearly saw Mo Fan’s inner doubts and sighed coldly: “The book of Star Maps can’t be bought with money. Your Tang Yue teacher is not just a people’s teacher. simple."

Mo Fan looked at the mature and beautiful teacher in front of her, and she was even more surprised.

When you think about it, a teacher who can easily put things in the dusty monsters should not be as simple as a high school teacher. Moreover, Mo Fan has seen Tang Yue’s skills in applying shadows. This Tang Yue teacher is at least a middle class. Magician!

"You are born with a double system, it is inevitable that there will be jealousy of the villain. These scrolls are for you to defend yourself. Of course, the book you want to use these stars is premise that your stardust becomes a nebula, and seven stars become 49 stars. Otherwise, the book of the star map will take your body and turn you into a dry body." Tang Yue once again seriously shouted.

Mo Fan nodded very seriously and felt a little touched.

My own relationship with Tang Yue is just an ordinary teacher-student relationship. She is so concerned about herself. It seems that she must hurry to practice at the intermediate level. She must make more money and take her home to be able to repay her for a lifetime. Kindness.

"Thank you, Teacher Tang Yue, I will definitely work harder!" Mo Fan said very sincerely.

Tang Yue showed a smile, and the two alums had a little more expectation.

"You don't be too proud of your kid. This place is a good place for the Holy Spring. It is impossible to let you reach the middle level. It is just the biggest boost that will push you to the middle level. If you want to really break through. To the middle level... Oh, far away!" Mu Zhuoyun said coldly.

Tang Yue did not say anything, the account of the account was explained, she turned and left.

Mu Zhuoyun is too lazy to talk to the kid who is not good at the whole person. He waved his hand and gestured that the guardian of the holy spring could drag Mofan into the custody.

"All gave me the spirit. I was almost explored by some ditch-mouse mice last time. If the spring of the holy spring Wenze is sent out, it will lead to trouble, then you must ask!" said guard Liang Bin.

"Despite the peace of mind, this kind of thing will never happen again!" Several other guards said vowed.

When Mofan entered the land spring, he finally heard the words of several guards. This made Mo Fan think of the one-eyed demon wolf who was almost advanced.

The one-eyed demon wolf is just so horrible because of the Wenze that was leaked by the holy spring. Then there is a whole seven days of cultivation time here. Isn’t the whole person boiling?