......

Inside the Holy Spring is a completely enclosed chamber, made of blue and black boulders, each with a strange magic pattern and mantra engraved on the black boulders.

Mo Fan is a scholar, he can recognize the meaning of some patterns, no accident should be a high-level guardian magic.

So don't look at a secret room that is just a stone. In fact, the earthquake may not be able to shake the ground, and it is strictly guarded against it.

At first, Mo Fan was a large bathhouse because of the place, and he could take off his clothes and lie inside and enjoy it. After passing through several pillars, Mo Fan’s discovery of the holy spring is nothing more than a prismatic stone. Order altar.

The stone steps are a total of four floors, and the bottom is cut into a small ditches of loops. The clear and almost invisible spring water flows slowly in the small stone ditch.

Mo Fan observed for a while and found nothing special. When he was preparing to practice on the stone steps on the altar of the stage, he suddenly began to make a strange trembling at the chest.

"You are excited about the wool, a look you can drink." Mo Fan immediately counted down.

The small muddy pendant is now a spiritual stardust demon weapon. Mo Fan can not only maintain 14 hours of meditation every day, but also get the special energy released by the small muddy, and keep warming his two stardusts. Both systems can be cultivated to the third level in a very short time.

To know that there are so many people in the whole school, it is very good to have a level 2 first-level magic after graduating from high school. Mo Fan is still leading them one level in the case of more than one repair, which is enough to show the spirit stardust. The power of the magic device.

"It is difficult, small mud can absorb the warmth of the holy spring of this place?" Mo Fan felt the desire of his pendant, and the psychological could not help but ponder.

The Stardust Magic and the Earth Spring should be essentially the same, which can speed up the cultivation of the magician. The energy of the Disheng Spring is so large that it can even help the magician to attack from the initial stage to the middle stage.

"Would you like to try it out? If the small muddy scorpion really absorbs the energy here, can you upgrade to a higher quality stardust?" Mo Fan couldn't help but have some bold guesses.

Want to know the school's stardust magic device? It is directly sucked by the small muddy, if the temperature of the holy spring can also be sucked away, is it not equivalent to carrying a place holy spring? ?

This place is only opened once a year. It only provides the cultivation time of the seven most potential magicians in the city. It is so crazy that those people are envious, if...if...

I rely, can't!

The school's stardust magic device was turned into a scrap iron by a small muddy scorpion, or Tang Yue teacher helped himself to level.

This time, if I had to **** the ground spring, the people in the whole city of Bocheng could not be mad, and they were directly put on the firearms and burned to death!

Take a good meditate and meditate, or don't think about this kind of big thing.

"Little mud, don't be impulsive, I know that this thing is a big supplement for you, but if you do that, you will be smashed by the people of the whole city, so don't mess with me. We have peace of mind here for seven days, then the college entrance examination, going to college, the demon to save the world, my left hand holding Mu Ningxue, next to the Tang Yue, the big time to find a mother sinker..." Mo Fan non-stop Silently said.

The little muddy pendant seems to understand, no longer screaming, and honestly squatting on Mofan’s chest.

Mo Fan took a long breath.

Damn, this is still not a pendant, how come with a small devil.

Going to the Pipu group, Mo Fan can feel the energy that nourishes like a sinker is coming to his body even if he has not entered the meditation.

This special Wenze is no better than the nourishment brought by the small loach. If the Stardust Demon has a level and a spiritual level, then the cultivation and nourishment brought by the Holy Spring must be the top level. People have to fly up.

There is some movement in the small saturated state of the Thunder Stardust and the Fire Stardust. They are like two babies suddenly kissing the mother|milk, starting to **** up crazy, every sucking can make them The size of the body is expanded by a few more points.

When the earliest awakening, the two stardusts were really very small. In the whole spiritual universe, it was really a small star dust. The glory was bleak and unclear, and sometimes it was difficult to find. After three years of cultivation, this stardust gradually became When they grow up, their luster is clearly visible, and the whole piece of stardust is like having its own territory, with mysterious power.

At this moment, there are some subtle growths in the two pieces of stardust, and every hour of change is worthy of the hard work of Mofan for a whole week!

"This is too cool, the experience value has risen like a hanging!" Mo Fan is very excited.

I did not expect that I had such an excellent opportunity to practice by mistake. It seems that it is necessary to grab resources from the second generation of the magic. Otherwise, a fool can become a master of the same age with this cultivation speed. .

Resources, too many resources are in the hands of a few people, if it is not for themselves to show the strength of the dual system, the good things of this place can never be their turn.

There is a small muddy nourishment of the spirit-level stardust magic device, coupled with the effect of the holy spring, the seven-day cultivation time is really likely to hit the middle magician!

......

......

"Liang Binwei, do you say that this place is really so magical?" asked a new Guard, Wang Tonglian.

"Our Bocheng has a long history and can be traced back to the Qin Dynasty or even earlier. This place can be said to have been treasured all the time. You want our entire Bocheng to have no economy, no talent, no development, no development. Why can it become a small and famous city in the south? Is it because of the existence of the holy spring in this place? It can be said that there is no land spring, and we are a township at most." Sitting on the floor, with a few words on the face said leisurely.

"Through the Qin Dynasty, there must be no history for more than two thousand years." Wang Tonglian, who was guarded soon after taking office, exclaimed.

"Not at all, as long as it is not a magician who is stupid and incurable, and practicing in it for an hour, it will last three days of cultivation speed." Liang Bin's face could not help but reveal a bit of fascination.

"The defending chief is one of the few people in our city who have entered the holy spring of the land," said another guard on the side.

Liang Bin nodded. He would never forget the seven days he enjoyed there in his life. For those who really want strong power, it is even better than the beauty of the group. /p>