Moreover, the ability to reach the middle-level magician level has a great credit, even in the long-term guardianship, even if there is a forbidden door through a layer, more or less can get some nourishment, otherwise a hallmark How would a magician be willing to stay underground?

"Liang Weichang, the cave passage that was dug by the giant-eyed gorilla, we found it. The cave tunnel seems to be very deep. We are not afraid to penetrate too deep." Ying Wei’s female guard, who is wearing a guard uniform, said.

The female guardian Mei Yan brought her own British spirit, plus the milky white self-cultivation uniform, free of a special charm and temptation!

"Lin Yuxin, the deputy chief, you have too much concern. The giant-eyed gorillas are still common creatures in the city. It is also a coincidence that they are dug through the intricate urban underground drainage channels," said the new guard Wang Tonglian.

Lin Yuxin's eyebrows wrinkled, apparently disliked Wang Tonglian's sloppy.

"The Magic Association has sent people to check it out. There is nothing wrong with it. You can rest assured." Liang Weichang said with a smile.

Lin Yuxin just nodded and apparently did not relax because of this sentence.

"I went out to see." Lin Yuxin said with four guards left.

Everyone looked at Lin Yuxin's pretty | hip back, could not help but shook his head.

"Since Lin Yuxin's sister disappeared, she rarely saw her smile. Hey, her sister's bones have not been found yet. A good middle school student said that she would be gone." Liang Bin sighed.

"I heard that it is also a giant eyed rat?"

"Maybe, who knows."

......

After Lin Yuxin’s deputy chief walked out of the hall, he still had a lot of trouble.

A year after her sister’s accident, she kept searching for giant-eyed gorillas and even entered the caves left by the giant-eyed gorilla in the underground world of Bocheng.

Although some people have been explored by the Magic Association, Lin Yuxin still does not give up.

Did not see the body, she is not willing to believe that her most loved sister has evaporated from the world.

Just yesterday, Lin Yuxin found a very unusual thing in the cave that the giant-eyed gorillas dug.

That is a pool of water.

There is water in the underground road. It is a normal thing. There is absolutely nothing unusual in the eyes of others. However, in the eyes of the water magician, it is definitely not ordinary water. It is accurate to say that it has some water like the holy spring!

Why is the water in the holy springs in the underground passage? ?

This is an incredible thing. The grounds of the Holy Spring are extremely precious under such protection. They can be scattered in the mire like sewage in the underground passages they have inspected, letting those stinky mice and cockroaches suck.

With this doubt, Lin Yuxin deliberately gave the water quality to a pharmacist who specializes in material research. The pharmacist of the magic association told himself that there will be an answer today.

Lin Yuxin went to the no-man's place and looked at the time, so he dialed the phone of the magic association pharmacist.

"How, detect what it is?" Lin Yuxin asked.

"It is not a holy spring." The pharmacist said with a calm voice.

"I also think." Lin Yuxin nodded. It seems that I am more concerned about it.

"However, it is almost identical to the Holy Spring in addition to its special effects," the pharmacist said.

"What do you mean, is it possible to find a second holy spring in the world?" Lin Yuxin was very confused.

"The holy spring is the spring of heaven and earth. The purity of its own does not mean that it can bring a great nourishment to the practitioners and demons. And this water, which is very similar to the earthly spring, is also born under special circumstances, but it should be surrounded by some The influence of dark plants, the sewage you find, it actually has the effect of promoting the cultivator and biological strength in a short time. The difference is that this water is more like a stimulant, at the cost of madly sucking the nutrition and energy of the living body. The creatures become very crazy and become irrational," the pharmacist said earnestly.

Lin Yuxin gave a slight glimpse, she never heard of this kind of water in the world.

Could it be that this kind of water has led to the horrible giant eyed gorillas that have been running out of harm? ?

"There is one more thing... I hope I think more." The pharmacist's words suddenly became a lot more serious.

"what's up?"

"This sewage, if it is not straightforward to drink, can actually achieve the effect of false and chaotic, and at least one day can not detect the difference between the two." The pharmacist said.

Lin Yuxin was inexplicably chilly.

Is it true? ?

This kind of sewage is inexplicable in the caves that the giant-eyed gorillas dig, and it was a coincidence that a giant-eyed gorilla was almost dug into the location of the holy spring a year ago. ?

"It may be a coincidence." Lin Yuxin did not believe in the zombie.

"I hope... It’s going to rain, I will pick you up at the Silver Trade Building. You should have no umbrella," the pharmacist said.

"I am a water magician, do you still need an umbrella?" Lin Yuxin said.

"...well, have a meal together at night?"

"To guard the holy spring."

"……Ok."

Lin Yuxin frowned and hanged the phone, but there were many doubts in his heart.

......

......

Xuefeng Mountain Station, a white gray leather truck bumped into the snowy mountain Xiaozhai.

Just entering the station, the rain suddenly sprang up, and the coming quickly, the whole mountain was covered by the rain curtain, and the orange mist appeared in the distant peaks.

"I almost lost this batch of goods, but fortunately I arrived in time." Mo Jiaxing jumped from the car, and looked at the heavy rain outside.

"How is this rain colored? It’s weird." Some old hunters said in the station.

"Well, like urine, hahaha!" Another Hunting Master laughed.

Mo Jiaxing walked past them, smiled and greeted several acquaintances, and listened to them saying that the rain was so strange that he could not help but glance at the sky covered by the rain curtain.

Not to mention, this rain is really muddy.

Everything is as usual, and the people who guard the northern checkpoints are short-selling.

Wan Bianfeng is the commander of the 1000-member regiment. The middle-aged mage master, no one is better than him in defending this city.

In the rain, he was wearing a piece of leather-covered one-piece robes, and he stood in the rain and he had a majesty and solemnity.

His eyes gazed at the forest that was rained by heavy rain, and suddenly a bright light from the rear of a mountain broke through the orange-yellow rain and emitted a faint light in the dark and unclear mid-air.

"Glory?" The wind broke his eyes and his face sank.

Guangyao is the first-level skill of the Light Mage. In the Military Master, the Light Master has a great role to play and can be used to convey information and position.

This brilliance is similar to the more primitive flares. The demons have no perception of this kind of light, and if they look at them with their eyes, it is easy to burn their eyes.

In the days when any other technology device delivered information like a GPS anchor point to the surrounding monsters, this brilliance became a special way of expelling the demon and transmitting signals.

"Thousands of commanders, that ... that is the warning signal, why did the three teams let us ring the alarm, is it difficult to have a demon hooligan?" said the military mage on the side.

The voice just fell, and it was a glory that broke through the rain curtain in the distance. This time it was even more vivid.

At this moment, all the military mages who were in the checkpoint position were stunned.

Two glory!

Blue alert?