"4, and 5 together, it is more difficult. Oh, I don't know if I can finish the 7 small **** before the end of the semester, and even become a star track.... He said that he can only practice one hour of control at most every week, and he will collapse in a few 5 minutes. I don’t know why I can practice for 2 hours from the beginning. Is it the reason for awakening the dual system? Everyone said to himself.

"The blue consumption of controlling a star should be the same, that is, my blue is twice as much as the monkey?"

Every magic student has limited mental strength. Every time he tries to control a star, it is a loss to the spirit. With the spiritual level of the current magical students, it seems that most people can only practice for 1 hour... ...

With an extra hour of advantage, and with Mofan’s daily efforts, his progress has surpassed his peers a lot, even the most outstanding class in the class, listening to his dog’s legs, saying that he is just controlling. 3 stars.

7 people have become a good result, Mo Fan has already controlled 4, and is expected to break 5 in this week. It seems that the awakening of the dual system is not only to open the double number, but also to indulge more time than others. Long!

This is the perfect advantage! !

Going to the peak of life and welcoming Bai Fumei is just around the corner!

......

......

Eight o'clock in class, the first section is the demon class, the teacher in charge of teaching the demon course is the class teacher Zhang Jianguo in the next class.

"Mo Fan, how come you are late, can't you correct your attitude? You are not as talented as most of your classmates. The foundation is especially bad. You still learn so seriously. You look at our classmates, talented thunder. Department, talented and talented, good foundation, learning magical attitude is good, others can now control 4 Lei Xingzi, and you, I heard that your fire is still not controlled, the fire system is awakened to you I have to waste my body!" Zhang Jianguo saw that Mo Fan was late, and immediately reprimanded him unceremoniously.

Mo Fan couldn't help but roll his eyes. Zhang Jianguo's teacher, Nyima, is endless. I have to mention the guys in the raids in almost every class.

The so-called Zhao Ting classmate was the kid who awakened the Thunder system at the opening ceremony. Zhang Jianguo hangs his mouth every day, even though the face of a person who educates others will reveal the smugness that can't be concealed.

"Is that guy controlling 4 stars? I have already got the last step with 6 of them." Mo Fan secretly disdain, but did not say it, but he walked to his seat.

"Well, everyone opens the demon scorpion. Today I will continue to tell you more common demons. As we all know, the demons are distributed outside the cities where our humans live, and they are absolutely aggressive to human beings. They wander around and kill each other... Then, once a magician wants to step into the wild, what should I do when I encounter a one-eyed demon wolf?" Zhang Jianguo has begun to talk about the course.

One-eyed demon wolf.

This is a kind of demon that inhabits the wilderness area of ​​the human city. Mofan only sees the general appearance through the bookmarks and videos, which is very ferocious.

Ordinary people can't deal with this kind of creature. Only the magician can fight them. Of course, for the magic students who can't release any skill so far, it is a **** one if there is only one-eyed demon wolf. massacre!

The one-eyed demon wolf is the focus of the demon class. Zhang Jianguo has spent a week in this demon, and Mo Fan is bothered.

Now, Mofan has controlled the Thunder Stars to six with his own unique double-time cultivation. As long as he is absolutely concentrated, he can arrange the six stars to be arranged into a star track.

The problem is that the seventh star is not particularly difficult to fix, just like a chaste and a fierce woman, soft not eating, hard not, let Mofange worry!

This is a step worse than TM! !

"Where is the brother, how is the progress of the fire system?" Zhang Hou saw Mo Fan sat down and hurriedly asked.

"The old look." Mo Fan replied casually.

Fire system...

As Zhang Jianguo said, Mo Fan can't control any fire star until now.

That's no way to do it. During this semester, he put all his energy into the big room.

"No, it seems that your foundation really affects cultivation. I heard that the guy in Mubai can already control 4 ice-cold stars. If he works hard during the winter vacation, he will be able to finish it in the next semester. The release of the ice-based initial skill "ice vine" was released." Zhang Hou said.

"I know."

"Big Brother, why don't you worry at all, I told you that he and his dogleg Zhao Kunsan are already planning how to give you some color to see."

"Nothing, let them come."

Mo Fan is now in his mind how to control the seventh star, and everything else is like air.

"Hey, in short, you are careful... This semester is over soon. You will have to work harder in the next semester. If you can't finish the final release of the next semester, the school may find various reasons to persuade you. of."

......

......

One semester soon ended, and Mo Fan vaguely felt that the seventh star was to be touched by his sincerity.

"Mom, it's harder to repair a smelt than to wait for the goddess. There is no day and night greetings, communication..." Mo Fan complained while walking outside the school.

This whole semester Mo Fan has never been out of school, two hours of daily control exercises, 10 hours of practice after the practice, followed by class, eating, sleeping, no day stopped.

In any case, this semester is over. After the students took the winter vacation task, they went to each family to find each mother.

Out of the school gate, Mo Fan almost subconsciously took the bus back to his home, but when he returned to God, he suddenly lost his mind.

I almost forgot that Dad has sold his home, and he is basically homeless.

Dad Mo Jiaxing was still driving, and Mo Fan, who had no place to go, thought about it. It was time to go to Xiaogu and see the summer.

How can I say that I haven’t seen my heart for half a year? I don’t know how she is doing at Xiaogu.

"Go directly to her school to pick her up."

Mo Fan took the bus and went to another middle school.

Sitting in the car, Mo Fan has nothing to do, continue to practice to control, to see if the seventh star will be arrogant.

Different lines of stars, different stars have different tempers, some are better to swindle, Mo Fan only spend a few nights and more rhetoric, most of them can make it strange and obedient, but some are particularly violent, difficult to touch, do not Well, it will be countered by the spirit. The anti-phagic will bring a strong mental sting, and the consumption of mental power will increase several times.

The seventh star that Mo Fan didn't fix was a violent type. He said nothing, and he was as hard to serve as his grandmother.

Fortunately, the relationship between the two sides has grown by leaps and bounds. The violent stars slowly show their willingness to listen. Otherwise, Mo Fan really wants to cry. The time spent on this seventh star is almost a whole month.

(On the homepage of Tencent's literature, there is the theme song of our "Full-time Master", a very good song. The voice of the sister is very good. Just in the homepage, the media library of the full-time Master, you can listen to it~~)