In the Holy Spring, the young man in a black shirt is still sitting there, and sometimes he is excited and sometimes locked.

Whether it is learning or cultivation, it is a very long and boring thing. This is something that Mo Fan has a deep understanding of, but for his own life, he is willing to bear the next years.

"I don't know how many days have passed, but I feel that I have to touch the threshold of a higher realm!" Mo Fan quit the meditation and began to think for himself.

The most essential difference between the first and the middle is the stardust of the spiritual world.

In the days when N-experience cards were opened, Mofan’s cultivation was called madness.

In fact, his cultivation time is more than double that of others. Coupled with the nourishment of the holy spring itself and the warmth of the stardust, he almost reached the 24-hour uninterrupted meditation.

After all, meditation is the biggest promotion of stardust, and Mo Fan can clearly feel the change of his magic stardust in these days.

Originally, a higher level of magic nebula is a strange and novel thing for him. When his own stardust blooms like a pulse, it is a weak and strong glory. Mofan faintly feels that this is very likely. It is the sign of breakthrough.

The usual stardust is very stable. Now the stardust has been covered with a very strange light-like shell. After this period of meditation, the stardust has obvious eagerness and incitement. It is like a The little life in the egg is only urgent to break the light shell that is outside it.

Every time the brilliance is strong, it is the impact of the stardust on this layer of breakthrough bondage. Every time the glory is bleak, perhaps the stardust is accumulating.

After all, the Thunder is the first awakening of Mofan. During this time, Mo Fan felt the emotion of the thunderstorm stardust to grow up, even the stars have changed obviously...

"It's still not enough, and then continue to meditate, so that the stardust can grow stronger, so that it can hope to break through and become a nebula!" Mofan let himself take a break, has already had the intention of attacking the next realm.

“嗡~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”

Suddenly, a violent tremor came from all directions.

Mo Fan, who was about to make a breakthrough, immediately opened his eyes and looked around the vibrating walls.

God horse situation, earthquake? ?

Mo Fan stood up and went to the big door to put his ear there. I wanted to hear if something happened outside.

Just to listen, the door that was specially banned has been slowly opened.

"Are you over a week, so fast!" Mo Fan had some awkward words.

The door was opened, and the woman who was printed in the eyes of Mofan was rushed in with a woman wearing a milky white uniform. At the same time, Mo Fan saw that the entire hall was full of bright red blood!

The guards are lying there, and the body has to be torn into several sections. The blood clots and internal organs are mixed in the pool of blood. It seems that Mo Fan is stunned! !

The body, a lot of bodies!

What happened to these holy spring guards, why is it so miserable? ?

"Liang Weichang!!" The woman in a white uniform shouted.

When the voice just fell, Mo Fan saw the other side. The middle-level magician Liang Weichang was like a sandbag being thrown to the pillar of the floor hall. The column was directly hit by the waist.

Fortunately, Liang Weichang still has a layer of water in the water system to protect it, otherwise it will definitely hit the bloodstream with such impact.

What happened in the end? ?

Mo Fan looked terrified, and there was something that could throw a classmate in the middle of the class as a sandbag!

Mo Fan went to the next stop and finally saw the other half of the hall blocked by the stone gate. What made Mofan numb the whole man's scalp was a monster standing in the shape of a small truck!

The monster's neck and head are indistinguishable, but the shape of the giant rat is no longer obvious. Unlike the giant-eyed gorilla that Mofan saw before, this monster is covered with extremely **** lines, twisted and twisted, and densely twisted. Makes a giant rat like a small truck even more terrifying!

Mo Fan has been in the safari team for a year, but he has never seen this type of body. He has never seen such a blood-stained giant-eyed gorilla, and the scent of the body is like falling into the ice cave. shudder! !

"This... this is a blood-coded troll mouse!" Mo Fan searched all the knowledge in his demon class and finally found the name of the monster.

God, the blood-stained troll mouse on the textbook looks a little funny, but the real blood-coded troll mouse is already a shock to the visual!

Why is this kind of thing appearing in the floor hall, are the guards killed by this blood-stained troll rat? ?

“咕咕咕!!!!!!”

The blood-stained troll mouse seems to smell the breath of the holy spring, and the huge lantern eye immediately locks the position of Mo Fan and the female guard.

The sharp claws easily plunged into the stone bricks of the floor hall, and it can be felt that the blood-stained troll rat is accumulating strength, just like a truck engine roaring.

"Close the door!!" In the pile of debris, Liang Weichang shouted at the female guard.

Lin Yuxin’s mouth was bitten, but he had to slap on the door!

The forbidden gates on both sides suddenly closed. Just at the moment when a gap was left, Mo Fan suddenly saw the claws of the blood-coded troll mouse sticking inside, and let Mofan's conditional reflections go back a few steps.

too fast! ! !

The closing speed of the forbidden gate is very fast. The blood-stained troll mouse is obviously thirty or forty meters away, but it seems to be colliding with a blink of an eye.

“嘣!!!!!!!”

The stone door trembled, and it was obvious that the blood-stained troll mouse hit it.

Lin Yuxin was pale, and she glanced at the student who was still practicing here...

"What happened?" Mo Fan asked with a lingering heart.

The scene was just terrible. The door closed one night and they lost their lives in two moments. This blood-coded troll mouse is several times more terrible than the half-advanced one-eyed demon wolf. It is not something that the first-class magician can resist.

"I don't want to die here, just follow me!" Lin Yuxin did not have the patience to explain to a student.

The whole city of Bocheng has been completely immersed in the crisis. The underground roads are full of demons. They are like premeditated, and they have started the crazy spring of attack.

On the ground, all the magicians are resisting the invasion of the demon. The side of the holy spring is also attacked by the demon. In this case, there is no possibility of reinforcements. Only by themselves can they protect the holy spring.