This huge creature is so squatting at the highest point of the city, and the dome of the silver trade building can be seen anywhere in Bocheng. This also means that the entire city can see such a huge behemoth.

This scene, let Mo Fan breathe a sigh of relief, for a long time can not return to God!

It was so shocking that it was too shocking for Mo Fan.

What is the wolf beast, what is the one-eyed demon wolf, what blood-stained troll mouse is as ridiculous as the shrimp and crab in front of the top creatures of the silver trade building, and the definition of the demon is so embarrassing in this moment Was overthrown! !

It is in the human territory, but it seems to enter its own territory, human, it is just the food it is housed in the city!

In the end what happened?

Is this still a well-known Bocheng?

Was the demon not expelled from the deep forests by humans, or the human textbooks have been deceiving themselves, the world's masters are not humans at all, these are the demons who are **** in Bocheng! !

It is a nightmare, it is hell, but the real one can feel that every inch is shaking with fear! !

"What exactly is that?" Mo Fan had only returned to God for a long time.

Not long ago, I was in the fifteenth floor of the terrible creature. If I didn't go away from the silver trade building through the secret road, was it my life?

"Winged wolf, commanding the demon, commanding hundreds of demons is just a roar... The whole Bocheng can still live under the blow of only one of the military chiefs." Lin Yuxin also used a stiff tone. Said.

"Unified ... commander level?" Mo Fan stunned.

In the safari squad, Mo Fan also learned a lot of knowledge that would never be mentioned in school textbooks, that is, the sorcerers are divided into several levels according to the different levels of the class.

The sorcerer beast, the giant-eyed gorilla, the one-eyed demon wolf, all the demons that Mofan had encountered before were all the lowest-order slave-level creatures!

This slave-level creature is already a butcher in the eyes of non-magicians, and can't resist it!

"The blood-stained troll mouse you see in the ground floor is a war-level creature. The winged wolf is a higher-level demon leader, and one of the chief culprit of this blood-colored warning. In addition to the blood-coded troll mouse, In addition to the Anjie world, there are hundreds of warrior-level three-eyed demon wolves leading countless one-eyed demon wolves to fight with the military. The military can guard the defense line is limited, about a thousand demons broke into Bocheng, hunting The alliance of Deng Kai has led all hunting wizards to block and kill the city in the demon." Lin Yu Xin cold channel.

"But why suddenly there are so many demons attacking Bocheng?" Mo Fan still feels uncomfortable.

"The Black Holy See is made by the people of the Black Holy See." Lin Yuxin said.

Black Holy See? ? ?

This is not the first time Mo Fan heard this organization!

"They refine the fountain of temperament, a kind of remedy that can almost be used with the holy spring. The effect is very different from the holy spring. This kind of violent spring will intensify the wildness of the demon and make them almost irrational. Killing. Although I don’t know how the Black Holy Spirit attracted this demon wolf race to this city, they sprinkled this violent spring in the clouds, and it became the most terrible when the rain came. Catalysts, the demon wolf group began to attack Bo City crazy." Lin Yuxin said.

When Lin Yuxin discovered this violent spring, he did not realize this at all. When all the disasters came, she suddenly realized that she was sweating.

In Lin Yuxin's view, this is a long-destroyed destruction. Some people want to use the demon population to thoroughly wash the city!

There will be such a thing of anger between the gods and gods, only the Black Holy See!

"What about now?" Mofan asked with a calm voice.

"The purpose of the Black Holy See is to completely destroy Bocheng and turn it into a **** on earth... The Winged Wolf is powerful, but it is not enough to turn Bocheng into a flesh-and-blood pool in a day or two, but if there are a few more With the same level of demon as the Winged Wolf, even if we wait for the reinforcements, we will die and die." Lin Yuxin said coldly.

Mo Fan was silent and completely silent.

In the face of this disaster, I seem to have become a part of the escape, and I can't do anything.

"Mofan, you are doing two things right now. First, keep the holy spring. In any case, don't let it fall into the hands of anyone... I have a hunch that the Black Holy See is likely to be eager to get the holy spring. Lin Yuxin said very calmly to Mo Fan.

"The second thing?" Mofan asked.

"Try to survive in this disaster. My identity is more sensitive. Those in the Black Holy See must have assumed that I carry the Holy Spring in my hand, so I will deliberately attract their attention now. What you have to do is bring the Holy Land. The spring is hidden as much as possible, and it will survive as much as possible. Don't let the people of the Black Holy See find it, let alone let the Holy Spring fall into the hands of the Black Holy See." Lin Yuxin said.

At the moment, Mo Fan has 10,000 words in the heart of the screen!

Why do you put this hot thing in your hand?

Lin Yuxin saw that Mo Fan was hesitant in his heart, and his face was a bit bitter, but he said nothing.

Lin Yuxin sorted out the milky white uniform that had a lot of blood, and it was unrelenting that some messy hair was cut off.

Wearing a hat, Lin Yuxin, who has a heroic spirit, has rushed to the city that has been smothered by the demon. While running, he used no words of affection to Mo Fandao: "I will lead all the blacks." The people of the Holy See, as long as you don’t stupidly hit it and successfully arrive at the established security zone, you will have nothing to do."

After that, Lin Yuxin has quickly disappeared into the drifting rain.

During the run, Lin Yuxin did not look back to see the student.

She knows that not everyone has a heart of heart, but she believes that everyone will eventually have something he is willing to guard with life. The sister who lives with each other has become an earlier victim of this conspiracy. The only thing she wants to guard now is the holy spring.

......

Mo Fan stood there and looked at Lin Yuxin’s distant figure but didn’t know what to say.

It is a pity that Mofan did not give too much time to think. Mo Fan suddenly saw a group of things in the mountains after the Scorpio Magic High School from this mountainous position.

Their bodies are so strong that they easily break the trees.

They are like a group of wild wolves rushing into a fenceless sheepfold, and the greed has been seen in the speed they can't wait to see.

Oops, the school also has a demon intrusion, the number is still quite a lot! !