"All the students walked with me, the wind system went to the front to explore the road!" Xue Musheng hurriedly shouted.

The students at the window ran to the corridor and climbed. There was a large group of students in other classes in the corridor. They were also crowded in madness and screamed in irrationality.

The screams, the crying, the teacher’s crying resounded throughout the corridor, and it became completely difficult for the teachers to control.

Mo Fan was still standing in the classroom. He looked at the students who had already scared the courage, but he felt a little sad in his eyes.

Like a group of wild elk, once an elk is scared by a wild wolf, it will run away. When other elks see this scene, they will follow the panic. In fact, there is only one wolf. As long as the elks hold up the antlers, even a few more wolves are not necessarily their opponents.

This fear can be contagious, including the same in the world where Mofan himself was. Otherwise, why are there so many horrendous stampede events?

In the classroom, I was scared off by more than half of the people. The skills I learned on weekdays were all forgotten at this time!

"Ray printing? Crazy!!"

There was a sing in the classroom, and Mo Fan turned his head and found that Xu Zhaozhen was angry and shot, and the violent lightning flash was drilled out of the air.

These purple lightning marks were madly swayed toward the one-eyed demon wolf under the command of Xu Zhaozhen. Although there were some shortcomings in the prospect, there were still many traces of lightning that hit the one-eyed demon wolf.

The arc runs through and alternates with each other. Every time the brush passes, the one-eyed demon wolf makes a painful squat, and the muscles underneath the scorpion are twitched under the power of this madness.

"Hey, a one-eyed demon wolf can also scare them into that kind of dog-like, and generally squat!" Xu Zhaoxuan glanced at the people who fled and fled with disdain.

"That is, we have so many people, I am afraid that they will not be able to achieve a few one-eyed devils?" Wang San fat also stood up.

Just finished, Wang Sanfa also completed its ground wave technique in just 3 seconds.

His obese hands plunged into the classroom floor, and a rock wave ran along the classroom to the playground of the concrete floor. The muscles were paralyzed by the paralyzed one-eyed demon wolf in the rapid transmission of the ground wave. Outside on a basketball hoop.

Zhou Min is also a bit courageous, and soon completed the star track of the fire department, and a lot of fire on his hands.

When the one-eyed demon wolf had not had the chance to get up, Zhou Min’s fire had already cut through the flagpole of the teaching building, and accurately hit the one-eyed demon wolf under the basketball hoop!

The firepower of the burning bones is naturally strong, and the basketball hoop is burned to ashes in an instant, and the one-eyed demon wolf is even more mourning and burning in the playground.

Soon, there are several different lines of magic falling from different positions. From the level of skill, it is obviously released by some practical teachers. Together they quickly blast the arrogant one-eyed demon wolf. Into a blackened body!

Seeing that the one-eyed demon wolf was quickly solved, Mo Fan took a sigh of relief and it seemed that the school was not all a pile of firewood.

"You all come with me." Xue Musheng said to the students who remained calm in the classroom.

Xu Zhaoxuan, Zhao Kunsan, Mu Bai, and Zhou Min are all people who dared to face the demon in the first time. Now, after a year, their fear of the demon is far less than it was.

The people followed the past, but did not know why Xue Musheng suddenly left them.

"The original responsibility should be to have a teacher to bear, but there are a lot of one-eyed demon wolves in Houshan. Our teachers have very limited combat power. Right now we must rely on the strength of your students." Xue Musheng has never been serious. .

"Teacher, this time is still not a waste of time. If you have any words, let's talk about it." Wang San fat could not help.

"We need a pioneer team. Most of this pioneer team is made up of students."

"The Pioneer squad will be almost independent of the big forces and will be in front of the entire army."

"Our nearly 2,000 people in the whole school will follow the smooth path of the Pioneer Squad. The students in this school count the strongest fighting power of this group, not inferior to any teacher, so I hope that you can form a lead. Everyone is heading to the pioneer team of security enchantment." Xue Musheng said.

After all these words were finished, all the students were silent, and they could not make up their minds for a time.

In fact, they themselves are not sure whether they can compete with the demon after they have left the big army. If they are the pioneer team, there are too many risks.

"It's up to you to decide, and you won't force it. You don't want me to go looking for other students. It's just a matter of delaying the time. The danger will expand a bit... This pioneer team will be led by me, you guys. Give me the quickest answer, okay?" Xue Musheng said.

"Mr. Xue, I joined." Zhou Min almost did not hesitate to join the pioneer team.

"I also joined." Xu Zhaozhen did not consider too much.

Wang Sanpeng and Xu Zhaoxuan are good friends. Xu Zhaoyu has joined. He can only join in with a bitter face.

Xue Musheng nodded slightly, and there was a Lei Master. The combat strength of this team will be upgraded to a level and should be able to reach the security enchantment smoothly.

"I also joined."

Mu Bai and his dog leg Zhao Kun three looked at each other and finally chose to join.

Immediately afterwards, a male student with excellent grades joined in.

Zhang Xiaohou was looking at Mo Fan, and he seemed to be very uncertain.

"Where is the brother, are we with the big forces, or do the vanguard team?" Zhang Xiaohou asked.

"We also joined." Mofan replied.

"I didn't think that Fan Ge is such a profound and righteous person." Zhang Xiaohou can really make fun of it, and in this case he can also open his mouth.

"It is more dangerous to follow the big forces." Mo Fan said indifferently.

"Why?" Zhang Xiaohou asked very puzzled.

The large army said that there are also 1,700 people. Such a huge amount is not dangerous even if it is attacked by a group of demons. After all, almost all of these thousand and seven hundred are magicians.

"You have just seen it. Only one one-eyed demon wolf appears, and the whole floor is flustered. This is an instinct of the weak, not only infecting each other but also intensifying fear. Therefore, the combat capability of large units is actually quite limited. As long as there are no accidents, as long as one hundred demons are enough, the large forces will be wiped out. It is quite easy for such a large number of people to move forward, even attracting more advanced demons. I don’t want to be with a large group of sheep. At that time, life and death were not controlled by you." Mo Fan whispered in Zhang Xiaohou's ear.

————————————

(Today I especially want to recommend a ticket~~~~ After reading the book, it’s a bit of a support for the full-time mage. I don’t think you can find a book full of full-time mages in the entire web world. If you like it, don't worry about it.~~~)