After listening to Zhang Xiaohou, he looked at Mo Fan with amazement. He never thought about these things.

Zhang Hou himself can't tell whether these words that Mo Fan said are correct or not. He only subconsciously believes in Mo Fan's choice.

Zhang Xiaohou didn't really know that Mo Fan was a hunting hunter with a lot of experience in hunting hunters. In such an environment, he was so stunned that Mo Fan understood a very important truth, that is, millions of others are more powerful. Why do the Hunters League form a small team to go hunting outside, do they not know how safe people are? In fact, the more people there are, the easier it is to attract the attention of the hordes of demons, and the food that is the easiest to become a more advanced demon.

The number of Pioneers is not too many. If you encounter hordes of demons, they can avoid them and be more comfortable. If you want to escape or fight, you can make a decision immediately.

But if in the big army...

Not encountering a large group of demons is safe and sound. Once caught by the attention of a certain class of creatures and its demon group, the large forces must be blood-washed. This blood-washing life is not controlled by oneself.

......

There are a total of ten people in the Pioneer team, and Xue Musheng will be responsible for the team leader.

Passing through the school gate, the street is not very able to see people.

Some of the scattered urban garbage, overturned the stalls full of miscellaneous goods, open but unattended shops...

When the **** warning sounded, all the citizens either hid in the house or began to desperately rush to the security enchantment, which became a pot of porridge. This is the main reason why the school staff did not evacuate in the first place.

However, there is still a large majority of people who have not withdrawn into the security enchantment. As Scorpio Magic High School began to migrate to the security enchantment, many residents in the vicinity have flocked over and want to use the students of Scorpio Magic High School. And the strength of the teacher to safely spend this 3 km of terrible neighborhood.

The Pioneer squad walked in front of the team, and Zhang Xiaohou, who climbed to a high place, soon saw the scene where many people gathered here at the school...

"I am afraid that the number of large migrations will exceed 4,000. There are many people in this urban area who have not arrived at the security enchantment for the first time. They dare not walk alone. Now they are constantly attracted to different units from different places like small iron filings. Inside." Zhang Xiaohou jumped from an old corridor and said to everyone.

"Well, there are more people, and you should be able to avoid being attacked by some small demons, but it will also make the whole big army more cumbersome." Xue Musheng said.

Magic High School is different from Magic University. The students of Magic University are more powerful than a regular army. After all, Magic High School trains a group of magician apprentices under the age of 18, which can be protected under this **** warning. I am already very good, and it is really far-fetched to protect the people.

"This is also a way of no way, it is impossible to leave them regardless." Zhou Min said.

"Let's go, now the big army has become four thousand people, and the burden on us is even heavier." Xue Musheng said.

The people nodded.

The magicians of Zhang Xiaohou and Zhang Yuying were responsible for exploring the road, and other people followed closely.

Xue Musheng is obviously a teacher who has gone through the army. He has some experience in the deployment of personnel and the maintenance of the formation. There is no idea of ​​this situation.

The speed of the ten people is relatively fast, straight through the main street at the entrance of the school, and then through a pedestrian street and a lift room community can see the security enchantment.

The main street is one kilometer long. It is full of lost vehicles and completely blocked. Not to mention that the school bus can't pass. I am afraid that it is difficult for the bicycle to find a smooth road.

The traffic is basically awkward. It can only be walked. The three kilometers are not long, and the short is not short. Whatever happens will be bad.

"There was a giant-eyed gorilla at the kiosk in front of the book." Zhang Ying-soo ran back white, and some of them panted and said to everyone.

"It is licking a child." Zhang Xiaohou added a sentence.

When the two of them saw it, the child was already dead, but it was such a horror and sorrow that the **** eyes fell into such a scene.

Going forward, bypassing a big bus in front of the street, you can see the newsstand that was stained with blood, and the ten-year-old boy who fell in a pool of blood.

"What about the giant-eyed gorilla?" Xue Musheng frowned, his eyes gazing but he did not see the giant-eyed gorillas they said.

"It just made it clear..."

“咕咕咕!!!!!!!!!!!!”

Zhang Yingqi just wanted to talk. A Volkswagen car next to him slammed out a mane-filled figure. Two huge front teeth bite into the unsuspecting Zhang Ying.

“噗嗤~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”

Zhang Yuying was a girl who looked very thin, but her neck was bitten by a giant-eyed gorilla in the horror of everyone, and it was sprayed with blood and spread on the big bus that was also printed with advertisements.

This scene is too sudden!

Even Xue Musheng did not make any preparations at all. He was next to Zhang Yingxi, and the blood sprayed from the neck of the female student was splashed on his face.

"Hide on the bus, fast!" Mo Fan shouted at the moment when the shock appeared.

Everyone woke up in a dream and rushed to the bus.

Xue Musheng's reaction was relatively quick. He took Zhang Xiaohou and jumped into the bus, and the terrible giant-eyed gorilla was about to continue to kill, but he crashed into the bus door because of his body shape.

Others were a little confused, and they also hid in the bus.

Xu Zhaoxuan, this guy saw Zhang Yingxi being killed like that. He was angry and he began to call for the power of Ray.

Mo Fan originally planned to link the star track, but the shovel powder that fell under the spray actually drifted in different directions, which made Mo Fan suddenly realize what!

"Others quickly climbed over the bus. There is more than one giant-eyed gorilla!" Mofan shouted.

After saying this, Mo Fan grabbed Zhou Min, who was looking at the magic side, and took her to the big bus.

"Monkey, don't worry about Zhang Ying, she is already dead, and let the giant-eyed squirrel lead, otherwise we will all die here!!" Mo Fan yelled and yelled at Zhang Xiaohou.

Zhang Xiaohou is still a calm one, and he has already displayed the track when the giant-eyed gorilla launches an attack. Zhang Xiaohou still simply wants to save Zhang Yingxi, but unfortunately he does not know that there are not a few initial magicians under the sneak attack.

Zhang Xiaohou’s eyes are red.

Just a blink of an eye, the girl in the same class for two years died like this, this **** demon, this **** demon! !