"The wind track? Flash step!" Zhang Xiaohou quickly attracted the **** giant eyed squirrel. With the level 2 track, Zhang Xiaohou's figure dexterously shuttled between the piles of messy parked vehicles. When the rat wants to tear open the chest of Zhang Xiaohou with his claws, he always catches a stream of air left by Zhang Xiaohou.

"Monkey, be careful!" Mofan had climbed over the bus and saw a mane figure squatting behind the billboard at the bus stop.

Zhang Xiaohou moved quickly, and a fangs giant mouse chased him, and he had time to take into account the position of another giant-eyed gorilla.

Mo Fan saw the inconspicuous giant-eyed gorilla in the direction of the demon powder.

These demons have always lived in the environment of weak and strong food. The means of capture is much stronger than the human beings living in the city. The magician who has never really experienced the hunter will be killed, just like Zhang Yingxi. As a wind magician, she didn't know that she would pinch her own track at all times...

"Look, it's neck stretched." Zhou Min also saw the giant-eyed gorilla behind the bus billboard, and hurriedly said to Mo Fan.

When Mo Fan saw it, his heart screamed badly.

The ability of the giant-eyed gorilla is not only a bite and a claw, but the most horrible thing is the blushing beam that is released from the pupil, which is a terrible force enough to penetrate the body.

At this time, it was Zhang Xiaohou who was locked in the eyes of the giant eyed gorilla.

"Glory, blindness!"

When Mo Fan was in a hurry, Xue Musheng came out with a few majestic voices.

A group of milky white light sensation flashed in front of the giant-eyed gorilla that had a long neck.

The light was very strong, and the paint on the billboard seemed to be melted and melted. The students in the bus hurriedly closed their eyes, but they could still feel the burning of glare.

The brilliance blew in front of the giant-eyed squirrel, and the strong light penetrated into the eyes of the giant-eyed gorilla with a large blade, and the cornea of ​​the giant-eyed gorilla was burned, and It quickly spread to the entire eye of the giant-eyed gorilla! !

The giant-eyed gorilla, which had to release the blush beam, could be said to have been completely blinded by this glory. It sent out a mourning sound and no direction.

At this time, Zhang Xiaohou finally realized that there was a giant-eyed gorilla in the billboard position. He quickly changed his position and opened the monster chasing it and ran back to the crowd.

"Mr. Xue, thank you!" Zhang Xiaohou said with some gasping.

This glory directly flashed a giant-eyed gorilla that threatened everyone. The rest of the ones waited for everyone to have time to connect with the star track. This animal would not want to hurt them again!

The first shot is Mo Fan, who is the fastest in all who complete the star track. The third-level fire magic can say that there is no room for the giant-eyed gorilla to dodge, and an angry bursting flame is in the air. The giant-eyed gorilla who killed Zhang Yingwei exploded in front of him!

"Tear lost and lost ~~~~~~~~~"

This explosion immediately caused the shrill alarm of those cars, and countless window glass shots under the Mofan fire burst.

The giant-eyed squirrel was slammed on the closed iron gate of a tea shop. The hair on the body was burned out, and the flesh was opened. You can see the meat and bone filled with glass slag!

Xue Musheng turned his head and looked at Mo Fan, who controlled the flames to kill the giant-eyed gorilla, and his eyes flashed a strange and surprise color.

It is worthy of the third-level fire, this power has even slammed a demon directly and it is difficult to get up. The Pioneer squad has a strong student like Mo Fan, and should not be wiped out.

"This animal, I want to peel it off!!" Wang Sanfa and Zhang Xiaohou are all very angry.

Just now, the beasts killed their female classmates, knowing that in a few days she would be able to step into a beautiful magical university, but the result was killed by such an ugly thing, who can make it from the bottom of my heart. Raging anger?

"Don't go, it's not dead!" Mofan suddenly yelled.

Wang Sanfei just had to go up and avenge Zhang Yingxi. The giant-eyed gorilla, who seemed to be dying, suddenly smashed up and the murderous front teeth swooped toward Wang San.

Wang San’s fat face is gone, and the subconscious tumbling toward the side.

The sharp front teeth squatted, and a **** piece of meat was bitten on Wang San's shoulder, and everyone couldn't help but take a breath.

"Babies, go to hell!" Xu Zhaoxuan was angry, and the whole body of the thunder and writhing twisted his body like a lightning whip and swam toward the incomparably giant eyed gorilla.

The power of Leiyin and madness is quite fierce. The **** eyes of the giant-eyed gorillas, coupled with the repeated and repeated arcs, make the body of the giant-eyed squirrel unable to move half a point, and can only squat in pain in the same place.

Wang Sanfu went back to the bus with a roll of climbing, and the blood flowed down his shoulders, and the faces filled with fear were incomparably white.

Xu Zhaoxuan, Zhou Min, and Zhang Shuhua have been bombarded by three people, and this giant-eyed squirrel has been smashed.

This time, the giant-eyed squirrel is dead and can no longer die, but there is not a little bit of ease on the faces of everyone.

Is this the real demon? ?

Killing only in an instant, even a little negligence, the magician will kill Huangquan!

"Also... Fortunately, you reminded, otherwise Wang Sanfei is the same as Zhang Yingwei." Xu Zhaozhen said to Mo Fan.

Xue Musheng also nodded heavily. Even he did not think that the pioneer team composed of the so-called strongest students had a death and injury when they first met the demon.

"Mo Fan, you seem to know more about the habits of the demon. You come to lead the team. I and He Yu are responsible for the protection. He Yu... Although it is very excessive at this time, how is Zhang Yingjun killed? You have also witnessed it. Now, when you are not shaking on the ground and crying for the dead, please release the water defense skills in the next time the demon attacks us any one of us, otherwise the remaining nine Individuals may not live to the security enchantment... and more than 4,000 people who follow us will lose their direction.” Xue Musheng came to the scared and sorrowful He Yu and said very seriously.

"I'm sorry, sorry, I am really sorry, I... I can't finish the star track..." He Yu's face was full of tears. She is very scared and afraid that she will be like Zhang Yingxi.

"Do your best, as long as you can understand that releasing a water squad means saving us a life, I believe you will do it." Xue Musheng said.