Mo Fan glanced at the rain that had already cried sobbing, and could not help but sigh.

Xiao Ke is also a water magician. She only has the same level of water, but He Yu is no different from an ordinary girl in front of the real demon. She can't complete any skill at all, if everyone in the team This is the case, and then someone will die when they encounter the demon.

Now Mofan does not know how many people will die, and can only go forward with a hard scalp.

"Since Teacher Xue asked me to lead the team, I hope that everyone can remember what I said, not to mention the smooth arrival of security enchantment, but at least to avoid unnecessary death." Mo Fan looked a bit lost. Pioneer squad.

After all, this pioneer team thought of the demon as too simple. The experience was just a practice. The sorcerer had no killing for any students before going crazy. But the real demon can never do this. They will try every means. People give kills, even if they know that they are dead, they will try their best to pull down the water. The demons are born to survive in the environment of mutual killing. They know how to give the enemy a commanding skill.

"There are two kinds of demons we face, giant-eyed gorillas and one-eyed demon wolves. The giant-eyed gorillas are actually good to deal with. The terrible ones are the one-eyed demon wolves. Their ferocity and scorpion are far above the giant-eyed gorillas. We met three or more one-eyed demon wolves. Don't hesitate to escape. Let's just die. If you don't run, you will die." Mo Fan said with a slap in the face.

In fact, the emergence of two one-eyed demon wolves is enough to cause a fatal blow to this pioneer team. Mo Fan now only hopes that these students can understand that the demon is as terrible as the teachers have said in class!

This is no longer practice, nor is it a history, it is a desperate struggle! Win, live; lose, die!

Xu Zhaoxuan, Wang Sanpeng, Zhou Min, Mu Bai, Zhao Kunsan, Zhang Xiaohou, He Yu, Zhang Shuhua, Xue Musheng and others all watched Mo Fan. This time Mo Fan repeatedly reminded that it was for everyone to avoid the first casualties. The heavy phenomenon, while they are listening carefully, is also secretly surprised: Why is the same high school student, Mo Fan will be so much more sensitive than everyone?

Mo Fan told everyone the most common mistakes, such as Wang Sanfa's stupid behavior: any monster that seems to be killed by you should not be close, it will try its best. Go with you!

"Monkey, you are responsible for exploring the road, and everything is careful." Mo Fan 叮嘱 Zhang Xiaohou said.

Zhang Xiaohou nodded heavily, and now he listens to Mo Fan!

"Mu Bai, control your ice vines, remember that ice vines are now used to protect everyone, don't expect to freeze the monsters that move at an ultra-fast speed." Mo Fan said to Mu Bai.

Mu Bai frowned and wanted to talk and eventually swallowed back into his stomach.

He has a lot of prejudice against Mo Fan, but compared with everyone's own life, this kind of prejudice is really insignificant. He nodded and said that he understood how he would use ice vines.

Mo Fan used the fastest speed to explain to everyone and couldn't help but take a deep breath.

In fact, even he himself does not know whether he can safely spend this 3km death route. He only hopes that everyone's luck will be better. Don't encounter three one-eyed demon wolves at the same time.

......

The team continued to move forward. This one-kilometer main street did not encounter demons again. Instead, some elderly people who had not had time to evacuate to the security enchantment were found in some residential buildings.

The Vanguard can't **** any of the people. Xue Musheng can only tell these old people to keep up with the big troops when they come here, otherwise it is really dangerous.

Almost all the roads are blocked. Occasionally, some people still want to drive to the safety enchantment. As a result, they are stuck in the road and lost their cars.

Seeing people on the road, Xue Musheng and Zhou Min will tell them to find a place to hide, and wait for the big troops to come and keep up.

Crossing this main street, I immediately went to the Mingyuan Community.

Mingyuan Community is a relatively high-rise elevator residential building in Bocheng. The whole community is decorated like a small city park. The area is quite large. The four districts of ABCD should be completely traversed and close to one kilometer.

There are still many people who have not evacuated in this row of residential buildings. They say that they are not good in such a high building. It is safe...

Outside the Mingyuan Community! The fence is invisible. Mo Fan has seen that several places have been crashed, which proves that there is definitely a demon in this community like a park.

Walking along the side door of the community, a pool was introduced, and a body of a security guard was floating on the pool. The water in the pool also turned red.

The heavy rain stopped a little, then the blood of the city was even more difficult to clean. Seeing the blood that appeared everywhere, the pioneer team that passed through here could not help but stand up.

"Have you heard it? There is something on that floor." Zhou Min said by Mofan whispered.

Mo Fan looked at one of the floors and saw through the glass a shadow that was not human, passing by the floor window.

"Hurry and go forward." Mo Fan did not pay attention.

Zhou Min nodded and didn't dare to speak anymore.

Just a few steps forward, Zhang Xiaohou, who was exploring the road ahead, hurried back.

"There are more than five giant-eyed gorillas there, and we have to circumvent them," Zhang Xiaohou said.

"Well, go from another road." Mo Fan nodded and patted Zhang Xiaohou's shoulder, indicating that he was doing very well.

Zhang Xiaohou can only reluctantly smile. In this environment, if he does not force himself to grow up, he will become a burden of the team. Zhang Xiaohou himself is also very panic, but seeing that Mo Fan can still cope calmly, he does not feel a little courage.

The five giant-eyed gorillas were circumvented, and the people walked through half of the community. The whole process was a surprise.

"There is a giant-eyed gorilla in the swimming pool drinking water."

"Get around."

"Why, we obviously can kill it and go straight through it." Zhang Shuhua said very puzzled.

"Don't do meaningless battles, the magic is more valuable than the water in the desert."

After all, a group of nine people passed the Mingyuan Community safely. Considering that there are large units following them, the route chosen by Mo Fan is also a relatively spacious and accessible road. Otherwise, it is dangerous to be crowded together and encounter a group attack.