......

"Very good, there is still one kilometer left, we are safe." Xue Mu grew up and spit a bite?

It is wise to let Mo Fan lead the team. This guy has more experience than his teacher. He uses the singer to infer the use of the sound, and uses the sound of the blast to kill the zero casualties through the Mingyuan community, the demon of the Mingyuan community. The number is far more than the main street just now, and it is really hard to get them safe and sound.

"The concentration of the demon outside the security enchantment will be higher, and everyone should not be a little lax." Mo Fan reminded everyone.

The remaining one kilometer is a very common commercial and residential mixed neighborhood. There is no obvious main street. The small streets and alleys are intricate. This place is very suitable for avoiding the demon, but it is also easy to be attacked by the demon.

The nine people are actually very dexterous in their actions. It is not a huge project like a big force to turn a corner.

"It seems that there are other magicians fighting, do you want to meet them?" Zhang Xiaohou stood on the heights and said to everyone.

"They have no time to take care of us, let's go ahead," Mo Fan said.

Zhang Xiaohou just wants to go down from a height, suddenly seeing a huge fierce wolf head slowly extending from a flat building, the dentate humerus on the head is so eye-catching!

Zhang Xiaohou’s eyes widened and his breathing stopped at that moment.

God, it’s a three-story bungalow. The wolf head is a bit higher than that. How big is this creature, is it a common demon? ?

"Zhang Xiaohou, what are you doing, come down..." Wang San fat is toward Zhang Xiaohou.

Zhang Xiaohou was very tight, and his body slowly moved to the back of the corner. His eyes were extremely horrified and gave everyone a gesture of "嘘".

Wang Sanfei just wanted to talk, and Mo Fan’s eyes quickly caught the mouth of this dead fat man.

Xue Musheng seems to be aware of anything, and hurriedly gestured to tell everyone to hurry to find a place to hide.

The eight people quickly hid in the corner of the corner, the atmosphere did not dare to breathe, the face was full of stunned, fearful colors.

"Call~~~~~~~~"

A sigh of breath spit out from a distance, and a messy air current hovered over the ground.

"Boom!!!"

"Boom!!!"

The heavy footsteps came out, and every time you stepped forward, you can feel the obvious vibration of these buildings.

Zhang Xiaohou, who was hiding in the corner of the corridor, was attached to the corner like the wooden man. His height was actually flush with the big wolf's head. He even felt that the monster with three eyes sniffed in his direction. Sniff!

Nima, if it is bitten down, can you eat it with this small room?

Fortunately, the smell of a **** masks the smell of everyone, otherwise the size of the monster, a paw will be hit and killed.

"Boom!!!"

"Boom!!"

"Boom!"

The footsteps of the shaking of the block slowly went away, and the stiff expression of the pioneering squad of the squadron finally loosened.

The heart began to jump and jumped and could not stop.

I don't know how far the creature has gone, and everyone still has a lingering fear of staying in the same place.

"Who... who the mother can tell me, that... what is it!" Wang San fat looked at the distant head and asked with a trembling mouth.

Zhang Xiaohou is almost soft on the ground, his legs are always groaning.

It’s terrible. How can there be such a horrible creature in this world? It’s not a level with the giant-eyed gorillas and the one-eyed demon wolf horses that I saw before. It’s just that the monsters of that size are afraid of the magic of these people. Can't hurt it!

"Yes...the warlord's demon, the three-eyed demon wolf, also known as the bone-stabbing wolf, the three eyes have almost a 270-degree view, the steel-like body, the sharp angular spurs, for us. It’s a nightmare monster.” Xue Musheng’s voice is very low.

"This is not something we can deal with at all." Xu Zhaoxuan said with a bit of despair.

"If the mid-level magician is not prepared in time, he will be killed. We must leave a message to tell the big forces that there is a war-level creature here, otherwise it will cause great damage." Xue Musheng said.

The people also nodded.

Mo Fan couldn't help but glance at the silver trade building that was blocked by the fog after the rain.

The warrior-level skeletal wolf has been terrible to this extent, so what about the commanding-wing wing wolf in the dome of the building?

How strong is the magician to be able to compete with it?

In front of this level of demons, everyone seems to be the food they slaughtered arbitrarily!

......

......

The rain stopped for a while, but the mist filled the city.

A kilometer south of the security enchantment, a female mage wearing a white uniform but **** was running sweaty on a road.

Behind her, two monsters with black monkey faces are being pursued fiercely, as if to tear the squashed woman into pieces.

"Wind disk? Tornado!"

The air pressure suddenly dropped, and the surrounding debris began to move inexplicably and rotate!

The rotation is getting stronger and stronger, and you can quickly see a huge coil of air forming a wind-wrapped dragon that rushes to the sky.

The car parked next to it has slowly separated from the ground, and the street lights have risen from the ground. The two ugly monkey face demons who are chasing the woman made a scream and were thrown into the air ruthlessly. The airflow rotates them like a mustard.

“嘣~~嘣~~~~嘣~~~~~~~~~”

The heavy car fell, the metal fragments all over the place, the monsters of the two monsters in the air have been turned into a fleshy and fuzzy pieces, sprinkled down is the bright red rain, the slurry, died miserable.

After seeing this scene, Lin Yuxin's face brought a sly smile, and his eyes glanced at the male mage who arrived in time.

"Mr. Yang, thank you!" Lin Yuxin said excitedly.

"I didn't misread, it was the black animal demon that the Black Holy See liked most." Yang Zuohe looked dignified.

"Exactly, this disaster is what they do." Lin Yuxin said with certainty.

"We also guessed it, but unfortunately we didn't have any precautions to let this Bocheng... oh." Yang Zuohe looked sad, and the sound of this **** warning was really unexpected. I don't know how many people died.

"I was attacked when I was stationed in the holy spring. Their goal seemed to be the holy spring." Lin Yuxin said.

"We already know, they specifically let me come and you will be to protect the safety of the holy spring, then the holy spring, you did not give them?" Yang Zuohe said.

Lin Yuxin shook his head and said: "They have surrounded me, but I found that I didn't have the place to be sacred and I was angered to kill me. I escaped with a group of stunned one-eyed wolves."

"You are very smart, what about the holy spring?" Yang Zuohe continued to ask.

"I have handed over to the student who is practicing in the Holy Spring. I want to put him on him more safely than on me." Lin Yuxin said.

"You mean Mo Fan, the boy who is born in a double system?" Yang Zuohe asked strangely.